This opens one of the Seven Doors of Death, allowing the dead to cross into the world of the living.
Joe's wife Mary-Anne and their daughter Jill arrive at the hospital morgue to claim Joe's corpse.
Liza meets with Dr. John McCabe, and receives a phone call informing her of Mary-Anne's death.
The shop owner says the book has been there for years, prompting Liza to remark to John that perhaps it is all in her head.
At the hotel, a worker named Arthur attempts to repair the same leak as Joe, but is killed off-screen by ghouls.
Spiders ravage his face and kill him.
Joe pushes her head into an exposed nail, killing her and destroying one of her eyes.
Liza is attacked, but John gets a gun out of his desk and shoots the shambling corpses.
Only Harris and Jill are found still alive, but Harris is killed by flying shards of glass.
John is forced to kill Jill.
Besides changing the name of the film, the film was heavily edited to tone down the film's graphic murder sequences, with a new musical score by Walter E. Sear.
Alan's exploration in Haiti to find the drug, assisted by the doctor Marielle (Cathy Tyson), locates Christophe who is alive again after having been buried for dead seven years before.
Alan pays Mozart for a sample of the drug, but Mozart sells him a fake substitute of rat poison instead.
After having his scrotum nailed into a chair, Alan is dumped on a street with the message clear that he had best leave Haiti before he is killed.
The ''Tonton Macoutes'' enter, take photos, and frame Alan for murder.
Brought to Peytraud, Peytraud tells Alan to leave the country and never return, lest he be convicted of the framed murder, executed, and then his soul stolen by Peytraud.
At a celebration dinner, the wife of Alan's employer is possessed by Peytraud, who warns Alan of his own imminent death.
Thereafter Alan returns to Haiti, where his only ally, a ''houngan'' named Lucien Celine, is killed by Peytraud through dark magic causing a scorpion to materialize inside Celine's throat; Mozart is beheaded at the same time as a sacrifice for Peytraud's evil power.
Alan is then sprayed with the zombie powder which "kills" him; afterwards, Peytraud steals Alan's body from an American medical clinic before Alan's death can be reported to the American Embassy.
Peytraud takes Alan to a graveyard where, helpless in his coffin, Alan sees that Peytraud has captured Marielle and will kill her as a sacrifice to Baron Samedi.
Waking up screaming in his coffin a few hours later, Alan is rescued by Christophe who was also turned into a zombie by Peytraud many years earlier and now lives in a cemetery thinking that he is still dead.
When Curien has created a serum that he believes will bring back the dead and grant immortality, Curien murders one of his students and injects her with the serum.
One soldier panics and another becomes infected after his gun jams.
When the others discover his injury, they sever his infect arm, but he turns and infects the team medic; both are executed by Ellis.
Eventually, every soldier escorting them is killed, including the leader of the unit, Sergeant Griffin.
They enter the confinement room and extract blood from the zombie, but are forced to kill it when it breaks free.
Bart decides to kill Ellis anyway, Nightingale survives and kills Bart.
When the images overwhelm her, Mary breaks the circle and falls to the floor as if dead.
He discovers that Mary is still alive and uses a pick axe to free her.
Peter and Mary visit Theresa who warns them that according to the ancient book of Enoch, the events Mary witnessed in her visions presage the eruption of the living dead into our world.
The death of Father Thomas has somehow opened a door through which the living dead can enter and the invasion will commence on All Saints Day, just a few days away.
Father Thomas makes Rose's eyeballs bleed and she meets a ghastly fate by vomiting her entire guts out and Tommy is killed by getting his head ripped open.
At the local morgue, a mortician is bitten on his hand by the cadaver of elderly Jane Holden while trying to steal her jewelry.
The apparition of the dead Emily pays a nocturnal visit to her little brother John-John (Luca Paisner).
When it's over, Gerry receives a distressing phone call from John-John Robbins explaining his dead sister has returned from the grave during the night and killed his parents.
Upon arriving to her apartment building, Sandra is killed by Emily, who rips Sandra's scalp off.
At Junie's Lounge, Mr. Ross, Mike, and the barman are attacked and finally killed by the marauding ghouls as a state-of-emergency is declared over the radio.
Sandra suddenly appears as a zombie and kills Peter by ripping his brains out.
Gerry impales her to a cave wall with a pitchfork through her chest before she can kill Mary.
The Gates of Hell have been closed just before the dead fully rise.
Post-Video Recordings Act, it was submitted to the BBFC for official video release and received further cuts to the vomiting scene and the brain crushing scenes.
When the zombies run out of alligators to eat, they begin killing people in the town.
William saves the young girl from being raped but is killed when one of the rapists fatally stabs him.
As he steps out of the store and into the road, he is run over by a gang of reckless teenagers consisting of Bob (Allan Fisler), Amy (Tia Carrere), Jim (Shawn Levy), Peter (Hamish McEwan), and Susie (Manon E. Turbide) and is killed.
Molly explains to Louise that although she is unable to restore her son back to life, she can keep him between a state of life and death long enough for him to avenge himself.
The next night, the now zombified Tony is able to track down Peter and Susie at an academy's gymnasium and kills Peter by breaking his neck then Susie by crushing her skull with a baseball bat.
The night afterwards, he is able to find and kill Jim by impaling him with the same bat before the latter could rape a waitress.
Shortly afterwards, Churchman contacts Jim's father, Fred, and informs him of Molly's involvement in his son's death, then tells him to come to the police station.
Tony quickly recovers and breaks Fred's neck, killing him.
Molly and Churchman soon arrive, with both telling Sorrell that the priestess resurrected Tony to not only avenge himself, but also Molly herself as Churchman and Fred were the two that tried to rape her years ago, and that the captain was also the one who had killed Tony's father.
Bela Lugosi stars as the antagonist, Murder Legendre, with Madge Bellamy appearing as his victim.
Shortly after Madeleine and Neil's wedding ceremony, the potion takes effect on Madeleine and she appears to die.
As Neil enters the fortress, Murder senses his presence and silently orders Madeleine to kill Neil.
She approaches Neil with a knife, but Bruner stops her.
Neil follows Madeleine to an escarpment, where Murder commands his zombie guardians to kill Neil.
Charles loses his balance and also falls to his death.
Murder's death releases Madeleine from her zombie trance, and she awakens to embrace Neil.
By the time Lugosi appeared in ''White Zombie'', he was already popular with contemporary audiences after his starring role in the hit 1931 film, ''Dracula (1931 English-language film)|Dracula''.
Other horror films from the 1930s borrowed themes from ''White Zombie'', such as people returning from the dead and other elements of zombie mythology.Kay 2008, p. 5 These films include: ''The Ghost Breakers'' (1940), ''King of the Zombies'' (1941), ''I Walked with a Zombie'' (1943), and ''The Plague of the Zombies'' (1966).Rhodes 2001, p. 183 These films all contain elements from ''White Zombie'' including the blank-eyed stares, the voodoo drums, and zombies performing manual labor.Rhodes 2001, p. 184
Victor Halperin directed a ''White Zombie'' sequel, ''Revolt of the Zombies'', which was released in 1936.
'''''Hood of the Living Dead''''' is a 2005 direct-to-video zombie movie about a regenerative formula bringing the dead back to life.
Since his parents died, Ricky has been working hard at a laboratory trying to perfect a regenerative formula that could heal dead cells in animals.
Ricky disapproves of Jermaine's friends Marco (Raul Martinez) and Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and tells his brother that they will be moving to a safer community at the end of the month.
That night Jermaine is killed in a drive by shooting.
The now-undead Dr. Richards attacks Ricky, but the also-undead Jermaine comes to Ricky's rescue by killing Richards.
The group includes Colonel Mazovia; a student of dead languages, Armand Louque (Dean Jagger); Englishman Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland); General Duval (George Cleveland); and his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone).
The recently deceased of an anonymous French town suddenly return to life, calmly streaming forth from a cemetary in a silent procession.
The film plunges into the nightmarish experiences of a portly, depressed psychic (Deborah Rose), whose involvement in a grisly child-murder case leads her and her detective partner (Ed Nelson) to an imposing, fortress-like mortuary.
When Chen is jailed on murder charges, the under-fed ghouls awaken in search of dinner, trapping the staff inside the mortuary walls and devouring them.
The survivors, including Rose and Nelson, use every means at their disposal to combat the demons, which have possessed the bodies of morgue attendant Mrs. Poopinplatz (Phyllis Diller) and her poodle, mutating them into hideous monsters.
At the camp, Mac finds the radio dead, while Tyler and Rita begin to become close.
They are rescued by another renegade band of surviving loggers, who reveal that the company plans to kill them all.
The militaristic nature of the camp disturbs the remaining survivors, especially a sadistic game they play in which a selected member of the camp must kill a certain number of zombies in a pen.
The next day, Carter is selected to enter the pen, but he becomes frightened and jams his gun, ending up needing to be rescued.
His spirit broken, Carter takes an axe and leaves the camp alone that night.
Zombies wander in through the open gate and kill everyone except Mac, Rita and Tyler, who wake up and flee.
He picks her up and carries her outside, and she bites his neck.
Mark wakes up, thinks to himself about how he doesn't know how long he's been unconscious, and admits to killing his first victim, a camper in the woods.
He collapses, suffers a minor seizure, and reports it in his digital log, along with how he has not eaten in six days and has to find another victim.
His leg breaks during the disposal of a victim's body, and he is forced to attach a metal rod to support his ankle.
Sometime later, his family receives notice of his death in combat.
Hours later, in the middle of the night, Andy arrives at the front door in full uniform and apparently unharmed; the family accepts the notice of his death as a clerical error and welcomes him back with joy.
Meanwhile, local police investigate the murder of a local trucker, who was found with his throat slashed and his body drained of blood after telling diner patrons that he'd picked up a hitchhiking soldier.
They later try to escape and are shot dead.
They are buried, and rise again to kill everyone in their path, and to find more formaldehyde to get high from.
The group of tourists take refuge in an old mansion, one by one falling victim to an unknown menace.
In New York City a hospital worker is found to have been devouring bodies in the morgue.
In this film, it is the island native people that hunt, kill, and consume humans.
By the conclusion, in which the film goes back in time to the first nights of the documentary crew at the beginning of the first diary ("The Outbreak"), the word "survivors" becomes an ironic title, as all but one are killed by two uninfected psychopaths.
After some amusing introductions, Matool inquires as to the identity of the man who was just killed, and the young woman replies that it was her brother, much to Matool's joy, but she is incensed by his subtle advances, and still believes that they can save her now-dead brother.
Sepulveda is placed in an unoccupied bedroom where Mandel and Vega take turns watching him, knowing that death and reanimation are inevitable.
As the days pass, Vega and Sassy begin a relationship, while Sepulveda continues to die in agony, while Mandel resists Matool's suggestion that he be put down right away.
Meanwhile, Sepulveda wakes up and sees Sassy for the first time, as well as her conjoined twin, freaking out at how disgusting it is, causing Sassy to lose it and kill him with a pair of scissors.
Mandel, who was watching Sepulveda, instinctively shoots Sassy, killing her.
Nathan goes out to the shed for a tryst, but is killed and devoured by his zombie companion.
Matool smashes Sassy's head with a cinder block over Vega's objections who is then attacked and killed by a reanimated Sepulveda.
As more zombies begin to gather at the house, Matool demands that Mandel go back into the house to get his MP5 submachine gun, but he can't, as the boy has locked them out.
Mandel then kills the Sepulveda zombie with his knife.
At the beginning of the movie, Garberina's character, while working as a video store clerk, is causally reading a newspaper article showing a still shot from the end of ''The Stink of Flesh,'' the article explaining that a soldier and carpenter have a story to tell about their experiences of debauchery.
On a routine flight from Los Angeles to Paris, a wikt:renegade|renegade group of scientists has smuggled aboard a secret container holding a fellow scientist infected with a deadly genetically engineered virus which reanimates the dead.
Two of the scientists go below to ascertain if the container has been damaged by the turbulence, and are also killed, starting a zombie outbreak.
After managing to get a MP5K machine gun from a dead guard, Burrows, Frank and Billy make their way from the tail of the plane to the cockpit, while the couple stay behind.
Billy is bitten but manages to kill some of the undead passengers, while Anna comes to help Billy she gets bitten but kills the Undead by thrusting an umbrella into its mouth.
Frank and Burrows try to control the plane, but hit a mountain and crash land near Las Vegas, Nevada.
The B movie is about an LAPD police officer who is murdered while attempting to arrest zombies who have been reanimated by the head of Dante Laboratories in order to carry out violent armed robberies, and decides to get revenge with the help of his former partner.
Meanwhile, a coroner friend of Roger's, Rebecca (Clare Kirkconnell) informs the detectives that the two bodies they had brought in had previously been to the morgue: not only do they have autopsy scars, but she herself clearly remembers performing the autopsy and has pictures to prove it, suggesting they simply got up and left the morgue at their own volition.
When Doug wanders off to investigate a suspicious room, he encounters the reanimated corpse of a biker on a strange machine and in the fray, Roger is knocked into a decompression room used to humanely kill failed test animals and is asphyxiated to death.
Encountering the machine, and realizing it is capable of bringing people back from the dead, Rebecca and Doug successfully bring Roger back from the dead.
He says he feels fine, yet he has no heart beat and his skin is cold to the touch, Rebecca surmises he has about twelve hours before the reanimation process ends and he dissolves into a puddle of mush.
Roger decides to take this time to find and exact his vengeance on the person who killed him.
Randi says that she is the daughter of a rich industrialist, and the owner of the company she works for until his death, Arthur P. Laudermilk (Vincent Price).
The two of them pay another visit to Rebecca, who says that she might have found a way to keep Roger in healthy condition indefinitely, but the unsure nature of the theory has him decide to spend his final hours finding the man who killed him.
Upon returning to Randi's home, they find Doug dead, having been suspended and drowned in a fish tank for some time.
Roger confronts the head coroner Dr. Ernest McNab (Darren McGavin) who was indicated by the secret numeric code that Roger had found, but he turns the tables on Roger, capturing him, then locking him in an ambulance with Rebecca's dead body in order to wait out his last hour to dissolution.
Mortis breaks in and the ensuing crossfire between him and McNab's men kill off most of the rich clients, leaving Laudermilk cowering in a corner.
But because he's been dead for hours, the brain deterioration leaves him little more than an obedient zombie with no memory of who Roger is.
Before he can obey McNab's orders to kill Mortis however, Roger manages to trigger Doug's short term memory and bring him back to normal.
Roger says finally, "This could be the end of a beautiful friendship."
*''Creature with the Atom Brain,'' a 1955 film featuring a gangster who creates zombies from dead criminals to commit crimes for him
* 
* 
* 
* 
'''''Una de zombis''''' is a 2003 Spanish film.
Outside, he meets Jon, a skilled shooter who decides to help Fred escape the city.
Fortunately, he manages to recover his walker from the nurse and kill numerous zombies, though he is unable to finish off the nurse herself.
Jon attempts to kill him, but is surrounded and eaten by the zombies.
Benjamin tries to bring her back despite her infection, but is attacked and killed, while another zombie decapitates his wife.
Though both Hac and Mac die before learning the truth, Mac's belief turns out to be correct.
Steve Barton of Dread Central rated it 5/5 stars and described it as "blood-splattered blast from beginning to end that's heavy on the sick".
Scot Weinberg of DVD Talk rated it 3.5/5 stars and wrote that it has a "fun concept, clever execution, unique animation, and tons of gooey gore".
The reports indicate that a symptom of said outbreak is "murder".
* According to Something Awful's Movie Review, director "Vince D'Amato took a premise that was basically guaranteed to make his movie an instant hit with the indie horror crowd in spite of his nonexistent budget, and he fucked it until it bled.
The resulting wretched, scarred, abused, tortured rape victim of a movie is an unwatchable seventy minutes of shattered homes and broken dreams."
The plot follows a disgruntled scientist who, having been fired by the space agency, decides to create superhuman monsters from the body parts of innocent murder victims.
The creatures eventually escape and go on a killing spree, attracting the attention of both an international spy ring and the CIA.
The story is about a young novelist's discovery of the writings of a late scientist who had found a means of reviving the dead.
In the basement, further digging reveals a rotted corpse, with a nearby wallet identifying the dead man as Paolo Zeder.
As he reads the ribbon, he finds it is an essay written by scientist Paolo Zeder discussing the existence of K-Zones-areas where death ceases to exist.
According to Zeder's essay, bodies buried in these zones can return from the dead.
Stefano sneaks onto the property, and discovers surveillance equipment with numerous monitors showing the dead face of a man buried in a coffin.
The dead man is Don Luigi Costa, an ex-priest who abandoned his vows after contracting an incurable disease.
Continuing Zeder's work, Costa had himself buried on the property, a suspected K-Zone, and his rebirth from the dead is caught on camera.
Stefano manages to elude the conspirators involved in the experimental work, but finds his wife has been murdered by them.
The film focuses on two protagonists who are harassed by a local police investigator in the English countryside and are implicated in murders committed by zombies who have been brought to life by a farming tool designed to kill insects via ultra-sonic radiation.
George agrees, but the two come to a dead end road alongside a river while searching for Edna's sister's house.
While asking for directions, he inquires about their machinery, which they explain is designed to kill insects through ultra-sonic radiation.
When the three report the death, the aggressive police sergeant thinks that Katie did it.
Back at the chemist's, they collect the photos, but the dead man does not appear in any of the pictures; the man, it turns out, is a local vagrant who drowned in the river.
Following noises to a crypt, they come across a murdered man and are locked in by the vagrant zombie, who brings the other bodies to life by touching their eyes with his blood-stained fingers.
They lock themselves in a room but are trapped there, and Craig soon finds that his gun is of no use against the zombies.
The dead break into their room and in desperation George throws a lit oil lamp at them.
The sergeant has found Craig and the caretaker's bodies, and thinking they may be devil worshippers, issues orders "to shoot to kill" George and Edna.
In a field, the machine is repaired and switched on again, which brings to life a number of bodies in the nearby morgue.
George escapes in a police car and finds Edna has been taken to the hospital, where the local morgue is.
She is being sedated while George is now being chased by the police as he drives to the hospital where the zombies are now killing people, including Katie who as a zombie tries to kill her sister.
George arrives and starts setting fire to zombies but it turns out that he was too late to save Edna and as she suddenly attacks him, he pushes her into a room, which is now burning.
* 
* 
* 
| cinematography = Matthew M. Howe
| music          = 
| distributor    = Tempe Video
| released       = 
| runtime        = 84 minutes
| language       = English
| country        = United States
| budget         =
}}
'''''Shatter Dead''''' is a zombie film set in an unknown area following a woman named Susan's (Stark Raven) attempt to return to the apartment of her boyfriend (Daniel 'Smalls' Johnson) in the midst of the return of the dead to a semblance of life.
On her way, she is harassed by a preacher (Robert Wells) and a dead woman named Mary (Flora Fauna) intent on convincing her that being undead is preferable to life.
The back of the DVD cover says the Angel of Death impregnates a mortal woman, causing the dead to come alive.
She encounters some of the living dead, including one who gave up his arm to research.
She holds him at gun point and holds a mirror under his nose.
While staying there, she encounters Mary, a dead woman pretending to be alive, they shower together.
This group of Zombies believes these are the end times and God will return once humanity is all dead.
Susan watches as the newly dead mother begins to nurse the newly dead fetus.
She threatens him while he tries to convince her that death is better than life.
He's also killed himself but is up and about.
He kept hearing the phone ringing and hearing the dead talking to him (including a cremated mother and a sister who never even knew how to use a phone.)
They can't have sex because he has no blood pressure (his blood is in the bathtub after all), so they have intercourse using her gun as a strap-on.
He slips poison into her milk.
He wants her to be dead and beautiful forever.
The last sequence of the film is a montage switching back and forth between the preacher making splints for her boyfriend and Susan putting tears in her eyes from the faucet so she can mourn her own death.
During dinner at Renee's house, the place comes under siege by ancient Mayan zombies who Michael had killed in the past.
The dead orphan connects to Renee who feels the need to solve why the ancient Mayan Zombies were killed and how to rest their souls.
It also received a limited theatrical run in the U.S.
For the past 13 years, Dr. Herbert West (Jeffrey Combs) has been serving a prison sentence due to a murder at the hands of one of his zombies.
The capsule can then be connected to a corpse and used in conjunction with West's previously developed reagent to restore the former dead to a lifelike state.
It is revealed that Phillips is the younger brother of the teenage girl who was killed by West's zombie (he's shown watching West being taken away by the cops) and came to the prison for the explicit purpose of working with him.
Crushed by Laura's death, Dr. Phillips succumbs to Dr. West's wishes and his experiments are allowed to literally take on new life.
Eventually the warden of the prison uncovers West's experiments and moves to put an end to them, but he is killed by West, and subsequently re-animated.
Soon, it is unclear who is dead, who is alive, and who has been exposed to the agent.
As they approach the door at the end of the corridor, one prisoner seizes his chance to assault a guard, but the door opens almost immediately and several German soldiers step through to mow down the entire group, save for one prisoner who remains standing.
Identifying him as a threat, they open fire, but as they investigate his corpse it is revealed the soldier is one of their own dead from the previous encounter, and as he springs to life a second time a number of zombies leap into action from their hiding places in the trees to further destroy the unit.
They are rapidly split up and attacked, however, with Niemi being bitten and then killing the young cameraman before being gunned down by Laakso.
As they near the exit to the surface, Kolya is grabbed by a zombie and falls to his death, with Laakso forced to leave him as he races topside to set the signal flares for the incoming fighter-bombers.
He discloses that the agent in the tank was capable of reanimating dead cells and advises that he not bother with evacuation, but contain the incident and let the National Guard deal with the rest.
Upon finding the second van, containing the Prisoner, Morty finds Bottin and Savini are dead and more zombies are coming.
After turning the power on, several zombies break in and nearly kill Morty, but the Prisoner saves him.
The professor also chooses death, by Morty's gun, feeling that "there are worse things."
The three proceed to kill the zombies, while Morty escapes the train, taking a gun from the Prisoner and helping them out.
Her seemingly mundane day-to-day activities take a strange turn when she tries to kill herself.
'''Zeke''': (voiced by John DiMaggio) A zombie who becomes Scott's friend after trying to kill him.
He doesn't have a body but he manages to walk and do manual  activities with the intestines sticking out of his neck.
After a successful hunt, he is robbed and left for dead by a rival gang of hunters, led by Blythe Remington (Parrish Randall), who plans to spread the plague, creating a larger bounty market.
After Renchard and Brianna flee the city and Mike (Ryan Lloyd) is killed in the sewers, Vincent (Geoff Meed) shoots Renchard and captures Brianna.
He tells Renchard he did it because he liked the world the way it was and leaves him to die.
After finding them, Renchard kills Vincent, who was attempting to rape and kill Brianna.
A new Lordi song, ''Beast Loose in Paradise'', is featured in the end credits of the film.
A young, autistic girl at a hospital holds the key to defeating other-dimensional monsters that seek to kill everyone.
One day, they murder their boss and dump his body on a Tokyo toxic waste dump known as "Black Fuji".
Things suddenly become worse when an army of the undead rises from the waste dump and begin to attack the living.
In an attempt to take out the mysterious priest, the lone samurai charges full scale but is easily killed and defeated.
The zombies are killed and Prisoner KSC2-303 escapes back into the forest with The Girl.
Prisoner KSC2-303 steals the dead man's clothes and is confronted by one of the Yakuza.
The corpses of all the men they have killed and buried in the forest come back to life and attack them.
The Yakuza and Assassins take the upper hand and kill him first.
One is defeated by The Girl with a log, and the other is confronted by The Man and killed.
Unable to accept his explanations, Prisoner KSC2-303 attempts to kill The Man but is killed himself instead.
*Tak Sakaguchi as Prisoner KSC2-303 
*Hideo Sakaki as The Man 
*Chieko Misaka as The Girl 
*Kenji Matsuda as Yakuza Leader with butterfly knife 
*Yuichiro Arai as Motorcycle-riding yakuza with revolver 
*Minoru Matsumoto as Crazy yakuza with amulet 
*Kazuhito Ohba as Yakuza with glasses 
*Takehiro Katayama as Red-haired assassin 
*Ayumi Yoshihara as Long-haired female assassin 
*Shoichiro Masumoto as One-handed cop 
*Toshiro Kamiaka as Samurai warrior 
*Yukihito Tanikado as Cop with Barrett 
*Hoshimi Asai as Short-haired female assassin 
*Ryosuke Watabe as Yakuza zombie in alligator-skin coat 
*Motonari Komiya as Other prisoner
Originally, ''Versus'' was intended to be a sequel to director Kitamura's "amateur" short film '''''Down to Hell''''', with the intention of also shooting ''Versus'' on video with a low budget as he did with ''Down to Hell'' but instead decided to shoot on film with budget of $10,000 for a theatrical release.
The film did not receive the title ''Versus'' until the end of shooting.
In fact, a friend of Kitamura's (who would end up working with the director as a second unit director for Godzilla: Final Wars) suggested the title ''Versus'' to reference the struggles Kitamura suffered through while trying to launch his career.
''"I didn't actually have the title Versus until the very end of shooting.
Sight & Sound praised the film by commenting ''"With Kurosawa-style swordplay, martial arts and elaborately choreographed gun battles"''.
Kate becomes infected with the disease and is killed by April when she tries to kill Daniel.
He demands water and the teenagers tell him they don't have any, he retaliates by showing them a severed head of a previous victim and is immediately kicked out of the van.
Played by Sultan Billa, the Burqaman is a large, hefty butcher wielding a morning star.
When a renegade band of young filmmakers break into an abandoned hospital to make their horror epic, they stumble upon a real dead body and decide to use it in their movie.
They accidentally bring it back to life, open a portal to a dead world that releases dozens of other zombies, then struggle for their lives in a desperate attempt to flee from the creatures who apparently have them hopelessly trapped in the hospital.
''eFilmCritic'' found the film to be "easily one of the absolute worst films to ever smudge a rental store shelf", opining that the film's script was cliche' and unoriginal, the pacing would "cause even snails to squirm with impatience", and concluding the review by writing the film was "horribly directed, horribly shot, and just plain horribly executed."
Unwilling to give up what she believes to be hers, she uses voodoo to resurrect her dead brother (referred to as "''The Dead One''") to kill her enemies.
As Chekov investigates further, he learns that Droila is reanimating the dead with the help of a necrophiliac grave robber by the name of Igor.
In the end, Droila's zombies rise against him.
Despite unplugging the television set, it nonetheless reactivates and spawns the film's zombies, who attack and kill the writer.
The zombies kill the dog, leave it for Jeff and Zoe to find, and follow the pair back to the neighborhood.
That afternoon, a man named Joshua Daniels comes to their front door looking for the television set, claiming that he bought it at a yard sale and mailed it to the Paranormal Institute after it killed his wife.
The next day the zombies arrive in the neighborhood and kill April's father, his maid, and their next-door neighbors before laying siege to Zoe and Jeff's house.
Joshua explains the psychology of the zombies: realizing that they are in a liminal state between life and death, the zombies kill humans out of envy.
The zombies can be destroyed by severely wounding them, thus "convincing" them that they are dead.
Joshua is killed when an arrow is shoved through his chest and Jeff gets trapped in a shed, where he discovers April's now lifeless body.
The lone remaining zombie wakes the other zombies from their delusions of death, and the zombies rise up.
Jeff decapitates the zombie with a machete, but the zombie simultaneously runs Jeff through with the chainsaw, killing him.
In her fortune telling booth, Estrella predicts death for Marge, who runs out, terrifed, past Jerry, Angela, and Harold.
Estrella predicts "a death near water" for someone close to Angela.
Jerry then goes on a violent overnight rampage he will have no memory of, killing Marge and fatally wounding Bill.
The next day, Jerry attempts to strangle his girlfriend Angela as well.
The zombies immediately kill Estrella, Carmelita, Ortega and several performers before being shot by police.
Jerry, himself partially disfigured but not a zombie, escapes the carnival and is pursued to the shoreline, where the police shoot him dead in front of Angela and Harold.
Estrella's prediction of "a death near water" for someone close to Angela is fulfilled.
Rodriguez's segment, ''Planet Terror'', revolves around an outfit of rebels attempting to survive an onslaught of zombie-like creatures as they feud with a rogue military unit, while Tarantino's segment, ''Death Proof'', focuses on a misogynistic, psychopathic stuntman who targets young women, murdering them with his "death proof" stunt car.
The man, Stuntman Mike, stalks the young women with his "death proof" car, eventually killing all three.
I had heard sometimes FBI or DEA have a really tough job that they don't want to get their own agents killed on, they'll hire an agent from Mexico to come do the job for $25,000.
We had the whole movie worked out: A kid who's in love with a turkey, and then his father killed it, and then he killed his family and went away to a mental institution and came back and took revenge on the town.
Roth's fake trailer contained elements that almost earned ''Grindhouse'' an NC-17 rating, including a cheerleader simultaneously stripping, bouncing on a trampoline and getting stabbed in the vulva, and three decapitations; the first victim dressed as a pilgrim turkey at a parade gets decapitated and his headless body stumbles around in a exaggerated manner, the second occurs as the victim's girlfriend performs fellatio on him, and the last decapitation occurs on a man while he is being kissed by a female victim.
In the trailer, he is shown killing numerous persons, ranging from armed robbers to corrupt cops to a pedophilic Santa Claus.
Rodriguez first came up with the idea for ''Planet Terror'' during the production of ''The Faculty'': "I remember telling Elijah Wood and Josh Hartnett, all these young actors, that zombie movies were dead and hadn't been around in a while, but that I thought they were going to come back in a big way because they'd been gone for so long.
As ''Planet Terror'' took shape, Tarantino developed the story for ''Death Proof'', based on his fascination for the way stuntmen would "death-proof" their cars.
This inspired Tarantino to create a slasher film featuring a deranged stuntman who stalks and murders sexy young women with his "death-proof" car.
He started to tell me the story and said, 'It's got this death-proof car in it.'
The critics who did not like the film were not amused by the film's graphic and comical violence, with Larry Ratliff of ''San Antonio Express-News'' noting that "this ambitious, scratched and weathered venture never manages a real death grip on the senses."
At the end of the film, the announcer says that there would be two sequels: ''Machete Kills'' and ''Machete Kills Again''.
"Robert mentioned something about the end of the world and Hollywood action films, where we'd be trained in Mexico to come back here and fight," Electra Avellan told bloody-disgusting.com.
A third feature-length film based on the trailers, the Robert Rodriguez-directed ''Machete Kills'', was released at the end of 2013.
Luke and Elmer are ambushed in their sleep by Sue (Navi Rawat), Geronimo's niece who was kidnapped and taken to New York to be educated and has now returned to take her revenge on the soldiers who killed her uncle.
They are ambushed by Elmer, Luke and Sue, who realise they cannot be killed and flee.
Meanwhile, the townspeople cut Ben down from the gallows, not realising that hanging cannot "kill" him.
They discover they can kill the zombies by decapitation.
The only way to kill a zombie is to completely destroy the brain, preferably with shotgun or explosives.
On the first night of the outbreak, a young woman named Angela (Gina Ramsden) is shot in the head by her jealous boyfriend Josh (Joshua Nelson), turning her into one of the walking dead.
An early clash between the cult and the Commandant's army leaves several zombies as well as Richie dead.
Most of the Commandant's army is killed in the ensuing battle, although the Commandant and Malcolm escape unharmed.
Josh escapes, only to realize he has been shot and is now one of the walking dead.
When Malcolm refuses, he is shot dead.
She shoots herself in the head, turning herself into one of the undead and poses as a victim of her own anti-zombie group.
Josh follows her there, and sets off to kill Angela.
The Commandant turns up and blows Josh's head off with her shotgun, and then turns the gun on herself.
This version does not include Angela's torture/brainwashing, the Commandant's nervous breakdown, Malcolm's murder or some of the graphic violence.
The zombie reaches Los Angeles, and after perusing shopping carts full of discarded objects, ventures to the L.A. River, where it sees White-collar crime|a white collar criminal being shot to death by his partner.
The zombie stumbles upon the scene, and after ignoring a homeless man who is merely passed out, resurrects and engages in sex with the dead one.
In a BDSM dungeon, four men have an orgy, and later all of them are killed by a pair of drug dealers when they refuse to pay for low-quality cocaine.
Not wanting to reveal his death just yet, Robert and Jessica carry his body to the basement where they hide it in a freezer.
Upon checking the body, they hear Ernest Valdemar's voice coming from the still body claiming that his soul is alive and trapped in a dark void between the living and the dead while under hypnosis.
Robert enters the house when he hears the gunshots and sees Jessica and Valdemar struggling on the balcony where the undead walking cadaver shoots Jessica in the head and she falls off the balcony, dead.
exclaims Valdemar, who finally falls dead.
But then, the ghostly "Others" enter his apartment and kill him by shoving the hypnotic digital counter into his chest.
The ghosts then form themselves into one large mass-like mist and enter Robert's dead body.
As Annabel begins to guess the truth about what has happened to her pet, the couple embarks on a series of violent arguments, one of which ends with Rod falling into an alcohol-induced sleep where he has a nightmare about participating in a Medieval Pagan festival where he is executed for the murder of the cat.
Rod brings the cat home and sets about to kill the feline once and for all.
But Annabel intervenes and comes to the cat's rescue, causing a confrontation which ends in her gruesome and gory death when Rod hacks her to death with a meat cleaver.
But after a confrontation with Christian, who expresses doubt and suspicion to Rod about his story of Annabel leaving him, he confides in Mr. and Mrs. Pym about his suspicions that Rod might have killed Annabel.
But this time, Rod ensures its death by slicing it in two with a saw, and disposes of it in a garbage dump.
Rod attempts to flee from his house by climbing out a second floor window by using a rope to tie around a tree in his backyard.
But his plan fails when he gets tangled in the rope and slips, the rope tightening around his neck, killing him.
With Sangre dead, all the zombies are released from the doctor's spell.
The Bob Hope horror/comedy was a runaway hit at the time.Hallenbeck 
Writing in ''The Zombie Movie Encyclopedia'', academic Peter Dendle called ''King of the Zombies'' "... utterly absurd and delightful".
She sits down to watch television, and the news reveals that five years earlier, a zombie outbreak killed off 4.5 billion people worldwide, 10 million of which are from the United States.
Before she can be put down, she bites Tom, who is mercy-killed to prevent him from turning into a zombie.
In the forbidden areas of New York City known as The Zone, they discover dead scientists and zombies who seem more intelligent.
After an ambush, Omar insists that Parker was bit and demands they kill him.
Before they kill him, Parker opens fire on the squad, killing Adams.
The squad flees, only to be overwhelmed by zombies and killed one-by-one.
The story revolves around a wealthy older couple who are murdered during a robbery by three young perpetrators.
Sure enough, she discovers the dead bodies of a money-grabbing nephew (Paolo Bernardi) and his wife (Francesco De Rose) lying preserved in open coffins in the wine cellar.
Maria is gorily killed by the elderly Sarah in the greenhouse the next morning while announcing her plans to quit.
A bloodbath ensues with Sarah accidentally getting shot, Peter getting killed by Paul, and Victor attacks Tony, forcing Diana to shoot him dead.
Each clock stops at 8:00 PM, the exact time the couple were killed.
In the kitchen, Diana is trapped by the old woman who grabs a knife and stabs her through the hand, pinning her to the kitchen table.
Paul is too injured to hoist himself up to the window and is axed to death by the vengefully reanimated Peter.
In the wine cellar, Maria confronts the elderly couple with murdering their nephew and his wife to remove them as their rightful heirs to the estate.
Then, the niece and nephew finally revive and the old couple are killed again by their previous victims.
The dead bodies of Victor and Sarah are in the wine cellar having been substituted for them.
Suddenly, a dead cat they picked up on the road earlier suddenly revives and attacks them, forcing Tony, who's driving, to crash their car off a cliff and killing them all... again.
Inexplicably, the car's clock and all the wristwatches on the bloodied and dead Diana, Tony, and Paul stop, and begin to roll backwards...
''The House of Clocks'' is one of four films made for the Italian cable TV series ''House of Doom''.
He saves a girl called Sarah from a horde of the reanimated dead, and they escape through the floor of a church.
Mathias threatens to kill Jill unless Sarah gives him the amulet.
Jacob arrives at Sarah's dead uncle's house and fights Mathias.
Jacob dives after her and breaks her fall with his own body, unharmed himself because he cannot die due to a protection spell that Sarah's uncle cast before he died.
Her mother and her sister Sarah are dead, killed by the reanimated dead while Jacob was not there to protect them.
Mathias laughs and boasts that he cannot be killed because he is already dead.
Jacob says grimly that he is not there to kill Mathias; instead he will torture Mathias for all eternity.
The crew finds hundreds of dead, shrivelled bat-like creatures and three naked humanoid bodies (two male and one female) in suspended animation within glass containers.
After their life force has been drained by the male vampires, the victims seek out other humans in order to absorb their life force, perpetuating the cycle.
It took a week to film the death scene of the pathologist played by Jerome Willis, and bodycasts of Frank Finlay, Patrick Stewart and Aubrey Morris were made by make-up effects supervisor Nick Maley for their death scenes.
One effect near the end of the film involving the column of energy rising from the female alien through the top of St. Paul's Cathedral to the spacecraft was engineered by art director Tony Reading.
He is killed by one of them (this zombie virus is contagious, spread by biting).
Three men must defend their hunting club from attacking zombies, which can only be killed by head wounds.
Eventually, the two non-infected friends are forced to kill the wounded man when he begins to show signs of infection.
Assuming there was nothing he could do, Keith goes back to the nearby strip club.
The town's preacher is attacked by a zombie in his church and is forced to kill the zombie while sustaining a bite wound on his hand.
Then he tells them that this is the end of the world, and he states he has no answers and shows them the wound on his hand.
In the process of doing so, she is murdered by an unknown assailant with a large blade shaped like a pumpkin lollipop.
She is suddenly attacked by two water-drenched figures covered in chains and runs to see a third in the midst of disemboweling Chip.
The remorseless Macy kicks a jack-o'-lantern into the lake, where after as whispers and giggles suddenly echo out of the mist.
However, when he meets up with them they all witness the figures of the real eight dead children rise out of the lake, still tied in their chains.
The undead children chase the group and manage to grab hold of the chains which Sara is wearing as part of her costume, dragging her away to be killed before she can reach the elevator as the other three make it there.
He affectionately kisses her neck but, when she looks down, she sees blood running down her body.
He leaves her dead body on the sidewalk leaning against a building, making it look like she's merely passed out, and walks away casually into the parading people.
He grabs her by the neck and holds her against a tree, saying, "My, my, what big eyes you have", before biting her neck as she cries out in fright.
Laurie then appears and assures everyone she's alright, despite the blood oozing from her neck, and that she will also join in their festivities.
The girls at the party, along with Laurie, suddenly transform into werewolves, removing their skin.
It is revealed that Laurie's "virginity" actually signifies that she has never killed anyone before and Laurie desired one who she felt, like Wilkins, truly deserved death.
Laurie herself begins to change, and leans down to Wilkins to whisper "My, my...what big eyes you have," before lunging into Wilkins' neck.
In an act of poetic justice, the serial killer in the guise of a monster has met his own end at the hands/paws to a real beast of the night.
Since there is nothing on TV that doesn't have anything to do with Halloween, Kreeg turns it off before seeing an egg hit his window.
Kreeg gains the upper hand when he manages to fire his shotgun at Sam, seemingly killing him, as well as shooting off one of Sam's hands in the process.
As Kreeg dials 9-1-1, the line goes dead and Kreeg is stabbed in the leg again by Sam's severed hand before it crawls back to Sam and reattaches itself to the stump.
Rhonda then walks by along the street, pulling her jack-o'-lantern wagon in an absent-minded manner, and is almost hit by the laughing werewolf girls in their car (in human form) and on their way home from the surprise party.
Billy Wilkins is sitting on his porch, handing out candy and wearing a costume to mimic his father's first appearance, complete with glasses and bloody shirt, enjoying himself while unaware that his father is now dead.
He opens the door to find the kids from the School Bus Massacre standing there with their bags outstretched, their leader in a vampire costume saying, "Trick 'r Treat", and, suddenly recognizing them, stares in shock.
As the credits roll, a series of comic strip panels shows Kreeg being murdered and dismembered by them, the kids having gotten their revenge.
Instead of killing the plants, the hippie growers of the crop are turned into flesh eating zombie-like creatures.
The film focuses on Second Lieutenant Bart Gregory (David Anders) who has been killed under mysterious circumstances in Iraq.
The two continue their vigilante killing spree for a while, until Mathilda (Jacy King), a friend of Janet who dislikes both Bart and Joey, follows them and threatens to reveal their activities to the world, especially Janet.
She then begs him to feed off of her instead, so that he will no longer need to kill.
However, after Bart shows him Janet's corpse, the two begin to fight, and proceed to shoot each other repeatedly, although this is insufficient to kill either of them.
Bart decapitates Janet in order to ensure her death, then drops her remains over the bridge where he and Joey usually disposed of their corpses.
Upon nightfall, Bart reawakens in the morgue and escapes, returning to the apartment.
Joey warns Bart that a gangbanger who was their first kill is after him for revenge, and then requests that Bart kill him for good.
Bart crushes Joey's head underneath a bulldozer, and then tries to find a way to kill himself.
*David Anders as Barthenoy (Bart) Gregory: Having come back from death as a revenant, Bart must deal with his new condition, a potential for a second chance on life, and trying to come to terms with the girlfriend that he had left behind.
*Louise Griffiths as Janet: Bart's love interest who is devastated after Bart's unexpected death.
"Walter Montague Urch" could be a reference to Walter Map and Montague Summers, who have written about revenants and men who have returned from the dead.
He says Point Dune is "an artist colony" and he only vaguely remembers her father (his paintings are eerie pop art portraits of groups of people in black, white, and gray, standing; the men are always dressed in black suits, white shirts, and black ties, like dead men at a funeral).
Moments later he is murdered off screen.
While Thom hides, two policemen in riot gear drive up and fire their guns into a swarm of vampires; however, one of the cops suddenly begins to bleed, causing his now-former partner to shoot him and flee.
Thom returns to the house, where he finds Arletty half-crazed; she is cold, cannot feel pain, and thinks she may be dead or undead.
Instead of killing her, she is let free under the condition that she spread word of  the religious movement throughout California and the world.
He draws attention to details such as the vanished father being a death-obsessed painter, the daughter falling in with a group of hedonists, the town people turning into ghouls.
Kay finds it problematic that no character reads the father's diary to the end, until it is too late to prevent their fate.
The scene of a victim chased through a supermarket and devoured in one of its aisles remains a highlight for the film, though the death is implied and not depicted.
Travis Dee is slaying many zombies, but blood splashes on Travis' face, infecting him.
Sweeney, Jenkins and Mahler devise a plan to move through the building and gather all the uninfected staff to barricade themselves in the staffroom on the other end of the facility while the guards venture out to kill all infected.
He also plans to leave all the uninfected inmates to die, much to Johnny's dismay.
Johnny is sent back to the cell but on the way he knocks out a guard and takes his gun to run for the outside.
He stays with his decision to leave the inmates for dead but does tell all of them to stay in their cells.
They open fire, killing many of them left and right.
After most guards are killed in cells, Jenkins and another guard escape the cell while Sweeney and another stay to fight.
Sweeney leaves through a backdoor and lies down there while the zombies break through and kill the shot guard.
In his review, Tony Schaab of  called the film "a nice oasis in the desert of straight-to-video zombie flicks" and "worth a look-see for the fan that has seen all the 'popular' undead films and is looking for something else to satisfy their appetite for destruction."
At a top secret chemical research facility called Hope Center #1, a rat causes a chemical leak and dies; but as two workers investigate, that rat suddenly comes back to life and kills one of the men.
After pumping tear gas into the building, Lt. London and his three commandos burst into the room where the terrorists are and kill them all.
The flesh-eating residents kill and eat one of the commandos, forcing the surviving group to flee.
All of the workers are either dead or roaming the facility as zombies.
In the end, however, neither London's team nor the two journalists make it out alive; the zombies attack from all directions, and they are all killed or made members of the walking dead.
When a worker at the Roubles winemaking vineyard becomes ill, complaining of a pain in his neck, his boss insists it's a minor injury and tells him to go back to work.
The worker with the neck pain boards the train and stares at Elizabeth's friend.
The man's neck starts to bleed.
Elizabeth escapes him and discovers her friend dead on the restroom floor.
The man's daughter calmly explains that the dead woman is her mother, and that her father killed her because he's become insane.
When he gets in front of it and begs her to kill him, she runs him over and drives off.
Elizabeth helps her and discovers a lot of dead bodies covered with the infection.
Elizabeth hears her screams and finds her dead and tied up to a door, where Lucas chops off her head.
Two men, Paul and Lucien show up and start to kill the zombies.
Screenwriter Kenny Yakkel explained before the film's release that the "undead" presented are not actual zombies: "It's like a PCP zombie movie, that's my take on it 'cause they're not really dead."
In addition to those infected by the virus, the terrorists, led by Abir, responsible for the attacks attempt to make their way to Logan's studio and kill anyone in the way.
After finishing his interrogation Kuttner is able to escape and follows a phantom of Vivian out of an airlock, killing several marines,
Borgas is next to be interrogated and gives his account: the attempted gravity stabilization fails and the group is forced to make a hasty escape.
Rin, Sergenko and Omar were killed but the rest managed to make it aboard the shuttle and escape the planet just in time.
Borgas, enraged by his cousin's death, demands to know the importance of the shard.
The interrogators determine Borgas did not come in contact with the shard and due to him knowing too much he is executed by the Marines.
He unfortunately falls victim to the shard, causing him to obsess over it; to this end, he learns it can create Necromorphs, believing to have been designed by a higher power.
Finally, Cho is interrogated and reveals the finale of the events: just after the outbreak she and several other doctors arrived at the morgue.
They find the bodies gone and several doctors killed.
As the group flees into the vents Leslie is caught by a Necromorph and killed.
Lana begins screaming having survived the attack when she and the Necromorph are killed in a grenade blast.
The Overseer accompanies Cho to the Sprawl and has the interrogator and his assistant killed.
While the ''Ishimura'' extracts a chunk of the planet to mine, a man in the ship's sick bay, Hans Leggio, (Jeff Bennett) struggles against his restraints and resists sedation, begging to be killed.
Barrow's shuttle crashes into the ''Ishimura's'' hangar, just as he is killed by his mutated wife.
Leggio awakens to discover alien creatures mutating the corpses in the morgue, which then kill him.
The security team follows trails of blood towards the morgue, where Dobbs is killed by an infected Leggio.
The security team fight the infestation as it spreads through the ship, with Irons joining them after saving them from the Necromorphs in the ship's mess hall where Pendleton is swarmed and killed.
Dr. Terrence Kyne (Keith Szarabajka) tells Mathius that the Marker is responsible for the colonists going insane, killing each other and causing the infestation and must not be taken to Earth, fearing that the Necromorphs will wipe out every last human on Earth, but the captain claims religious persecution and mutiny.
As tension rises on the Bridge, captain Mathius is accidentally killed by Kyne in an attempt to sedate him, who flees the bridge.
On the way to the bridge, Hanson goes insane and kills Shen, then is in turn killed by Ramirez.
Irons buys time for Vincent and Ramirez to extract the scared crew members by using himself as bait, and is killed.
With nothing to appease the dead, they return to kill the transgressors.
Following his later trial for wilfully causing the death of his workers, Carlton is acquitted and the mine closed down.
Meanwhile, the zombie children begin to kill, which is dismissed among the community as disappearances, though it is hinted that most of the community is aware of the presence of the children.
As it turns out, the Tunny and Hanks families are relatives of the zombie children who happen to leave blood relatives alive while killing all others.
The children are really after Carlton, as they blame his family for the mining accident that killed them.
After Carlton is killed by the children, Emma remarks that they won't be hurting anyone anymore.
At the end, the Tunny family drives away and reveals that the house has not been sold.
A woman's fiance is killed by a drug dealing gang.
For revenge, the woman conjures up a zombie to hunt down the gangmembers and kill them.
Using the methods from his research project he is able to revive her, but the process requires that he extract the hormone Oxytocin from a recently dead corpse.
He murders two women, and attempts to murder a third, in the process of keeping Sophia alive.
In a twist at the end of the film, Sophia remembers the circumstances of her death, which changes the audience's perceptions of the actions of one of the main characters in the story.
However, an actual killer wearing a burlap sack beheads Jack with an axe.
After a while, the killer finally attacks, murdering Allan with a pickaxe and decapitating Sammy with a crowbar.
They hide when the killer arrives with the dead body of Oliver, and puts it in a body bag.
Leo meets up with Mandy and Jill, and they witness the killer murdering Carol with a jackhammer.
Then, the murderer enters and kills Leo with a sledgehammer.
Mandy arms herself with a gun and returns, seeing that the killer has put Jill in a body bag.
However, Jill, who survived being attacked, fires a nail gun into the back of his head.
While Mandy and Jill are standing over the killer's body, he suddenly leaps up and charges at the girls, but they dive out of the way.
The killer then crashes into a platform and is killed when a pile of bricks falls onto him.
In the early 1970s, when everyone in America was worrying about what was going on in Vietnam, the United States Army was secretly developing a way to resurrect and control the dead.
Their intention was to have the dead fight instead of the living, but the experiments were shut down when the reanimated corpses were unable to control their hunger for human flesh.
As Leanne and the soldiers are once again forced into the night, they find themselves in a cemetery while the bandits dispatch the living dead.
Goke sets his evil sights on torturing them, having a mentally impaired follower named Billy beat the team's leader.
Hesitant throughout, Billy is physically forced to sexually assault and stab the woman to death.
Before Goke can rape her dead body, gunshots are heard in the next room.
The three reenter the holding room of the barn to find that all the survivors are still tied up and one of his men shot dead, a victim of Nicholson, the soldier left behind in the beginning of the movie who had been following behind his comrades all along.
Having been freed by Nicholson, Leanne oversees an injured Manny who taunts her before meeting a bloody end at the young woman's shotgun.
The soldiers of the bunker are all dead, leaving the survivors in a state of panic.
Nicholson is killed and Jonesy instead watches Leeann fight them herself but she tires out and falls and is killed as well.
Footage throughout the film, show soldiers in hazmat gear gathering survivors and killing them to prevent further infection reveal them to be Jones, Maddox, Carter and Kayne, facing the psychological damage of slaughtering possible innocents and burning their remains during a time when the infection wasn't clear.
After finding the severed heads of the town baker and his wife in an oven, the sisters are found by Sheriff Bryce Hammond, a former FBI agent haunted by the death of a boy he accidentally killed, and his deputies Stu Wargle and Steve Shanning who came to investigate the strange killings.
When they arrive at a nearby hotel, the group finds the writing of a victim on the mirror reading Timothy Flyte.
Moments later, Shanning investigates a sound outside with the others finding only his gun, hat and shoes while the rest of him is gone.
Returning to the sheriff's office to request aid and create roadblocks around Snowfield, with Wargle revealed to be paranoid and immoral, the group gets a strange call before they are attacked by a strange moth-like creature that rips Wargle's face off prior to Bryce killing it.
After implying the creature could be the Devil as it went after him first, Lisa later encounters Wargle while in the bathroom before she and others find his body missing from the morgue.
With the other unit members systematically wiped out by it, the last member giving them a sample he vomited before turning into a puddle of black liquid, Flyte and the group learn the nature of the Ancient Enemy as it sent its converted drones, the Phantoms, to kill off the National Guard stations around the town.
Flyte also learns that the creature's body is physiologically almost identical to crude oil, and could be killed by bacteria bio-engineered to ingest fossil fuels.
But because the Ancient Enemy is extremely proud, the group has Flyte call it all in its entirety as he played on its god complex by revealing their plan up front.
While the Pailey sisters find themselves dealing with the Phantom in Wargle's image before Jenny seemingly kills it with a gun containing the bacteria, Bryce finds the Ancient Enemy as it assumed the form of the boy he accidentally killed during an FBI drug raid.
A schoolgirl named Kika and her father are living in a condemned set of houses where they are ultimately found by her mother, Rikka, and her uncle, Yasushi, both serial killers who murder and cannibalize their victims.
Once the father is burned to death, Kika attempts to escape, but is caught by the homicidal siblings.
Once dropped at the wall, she is forced to defend herself against several zombies with a katana-shaped chainsaw, finding out that the best way to kill them is by severing the antler-like horn that grows out of their foreheads.
At the same time, she manages to rescue a man named Taku and his mute companion, No-Name, both who collect horns off the zombies they kill to sell off to potential buyers as the horns contains an unknown substance that could be turned into an illicit drug.
Once learning that Osawa was the one that saved Kika to be used as an experiment in the killing of the zombies, Hatoda decides to further strengthen his cause.
With his death, Osawa declares himself as the new prime minister.
Kika and her companions are freed from custody after agreeing to track down and capture or kill Rikka, whom the government has managed to identify as the source of the zombie outbreak and are given supplies to work with.
While Yasushi is briefly distracted, she kicks him into one of the missiles which explodes, killing him.
After being attacked by a zombie himself, Osawa is killed by his own guards once they had mistaken him to be one as well.
Having gained the upper hand, Kika takes back her heart and kills Rikka by decapitating her, causing all of the zombies in Japan to fall to the ground dead and the plane to start falling apart.
Nearly falling to her death, Kika is quickly saved by No-Name and Kaito.
During the end credits, the final missile explodes, launching Rikka's severed head into space where it eventually lands on an alien planet and  presumably striking an inhabitant the same way the meteorite did to Rikka.
The review went on to say that the film "suffers from the perennial problem with all zombie movies: the creatures have only one way of attacking and the heroes have only one way of killing - which soon becomes repetitive unless there's an interesting story or characters."
Sometime later, Gage is killed by a truck along the same highway.
Jud believes that introducing Louis to the ritual ground aroused the malevolent forces present there, which caused Gage's death.
He tells him the story of a local named Bill Baterman who buried his son Timmy in the Micmac ground after he was killed in World War II.
He taunts Jud before slashing his Achilles tendon and killing him.
Rachel returns home and is lured into Jud's house by the voice and specter of her dead sister Zelda, only to discover that she is actually seeing Gage, holding a scalpel.
Pascow appears and warns Louis not to "make it worse" but Louis, now grief-stricken to the point of insanity, believes that because Rachel was not dead as long as Gage was, burying her "will work this time".
That night, the horribly mutilated Rachel returns to Louis and the couple embrace.
Rachel takes a knife from the counter, and just as the screen cuts to black, Louis' screams of pain can be heard.
The group stop at a strip mall and raid a surf shop for shoes and protective clothing.
As they are searching the gym it is suddenly flooded with zombies that pour in from several doors.
The entire group is forced to hold him down while Mack breaks his neck.
Cassie uses a grenade to kill a pack of zombies following them and the explosion is close enough to distract the zombies surrounding the others in the van.
The explosion attracts hordes of zombies to Henry and Cassie, who end up trapped on the roof of a building.
They also discover freshly killed bodies that have been dragged around.
The group is then suddenly attacked by a pair of infected tigers.
Brockton is killed and Henry is bitten.
They reach the shop, only to meet a youth named Darwin Nedry and his substance-sniffing friend Charlie Cooper, who tell them that Linderman left with his gun after a phone call reached him from his medieval-themed bar, ''The Drunken Dragon''.
Soon, however, an armed, gritty hunter named Boothe Gardener stages a dramatic entrance into the store and stays for the night as well, following his own close brush with the zombified Mormon population in which his friend Charlie was killed.
Waldemar Daninsky is sentenced to be executed along with Elizabeth Bathory and a number of witches.
Since it is nearly impossible to truly kill him, he is left in a kind of living death, with a silver dagger through his heart and an iron mask to keep him from biting.
One day, they decide to cut class and end up in an abandoned psychiatric hospital.
reveals that the woman is undead, which he discovered after attempting to kill her three times.
She rejects him, and that afternoon, Joann's boyfriend Johnny and Johnny's friend Dwyer beat up Rickie and Wheeler.
Wheeler rebuts that they "have their own pussy now" and don't need to hit on Joann.
They lie in wait outside a gas station for a female victim.
The film was shot at the same time as ''Porno Holocaust'', with the same cast and crew, and it involves a similar plot, with a group of businessmen who arrive on an island, have sex and are killed off one by one.
They are warned to leave as the island is the reported home to zombies of dead natives.
* Laura Gemser as Luna
* George Eastman as Larry O'Hara
* Dirce Funari as Fiona
* Mark Shannon as John Wilson
* Lucia Ramirez as Liz (uncredited)
''Erotic Nights of the Living Dead'' was filmed at the same time as ''Porno Holocaust'' in Santo Domingo with the same cast.Shipka, 2011. p.133 Both films involves a group of business people who find an island, have sex, and then are killed off one by one.
Pre-production started after the end of the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America strike, with Depp collaborating with the writers on the story design.
While Jack is shanghaied aboard Blackbeard's ship, Gibbs escapes execution by memorizing and destroying Jack's map showing the Fountain's location, forcing Barbossa to take him along.
Blackbeard collects it, leaving her to die while Philip is forced to go with them.
The Spanish suddenly arrive, intending to destroy the Fountain, believing its power an abomination against God.
They crush the chalices and throw them in the swamp.
With Blackbeard and Angelica both nearing death, Jack wants Angelica to drink from the chalice containing the tear.
* Judi Dench as Society Lady
* Ian Mercer as the Quartermaster: A psychic who foresees Blackbeard's death.
* Robbie Kay as the Cabin Boy
* Christopher Fairbank as Ezekiel
* Yuki Matsuzaki as Ghareg
* Bronson Webb as The Coock
* Steve Evets as Purser
* Derek Mears as the Master-at-arms|Master-at-Arms
* DeObia Oparei as the Gunner
* Danny Le Boyer as Yeoman
* Sebastian Armesto as King Ferdinand of the Spanish Empire
* Anton Lesser as Lord John Carteret, 2nd Earl Granville|John Carteret, Viscount Carteret, Baron Carteret of Hawnes, 2nd Earl of Granville
* Roger Allam as Prime Minister Henry Pelham
* Paul Bazely as Salaman: An Indian crew member of the ''Queen Anne's Revenge''
Shortly before the premiere of ''Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End|At World's End'', Jerry Bruckheimer stated it was the end of the trilogy, but the idea of a spin-off was still possible.
Another film declares the enemy had developed a virus that destroys skin, making the infected victim constantly bleed but never die.
Pablo's death devastates Maria and makes the other survivors question their future.
During the attack Mateo and Lucas are infected and killed by their comrades.
Pedro wants to kill Jesus, but is stopped by the others.
Jesus looks at the sky where the Earth suddenly rises over the buildings.
Their line snags what they think is a corpse but it suddenly awakens and attacks them, ending with Lazaro shooting it in the head with his spear gun.
Suddenly a strange series of events begin to occur: people everywhere suddenly become violent and attack each other at random.
To Camila's dismay, Juan's idea to take advantage of the situation is revealed: He starts a business, which he rationalizes will also be a great help for other survivors, with the slogan: "Juan of the Dead: we kill your beloved ones.
For a price, the five men in the group enter homes and slay the zombified residents.
The group is later rounded up by a shady military group, forcing them to strip naked and get into a truck.
The remaining group makes their way to a basketball court where a miraculous feat of vehicular zombie-slaying by a middle-aged white man with a harpoon gun mounted on his truck saves them after they become surrounded.
He tries to tell the group what he knows about the situation in English, but the language barrier between them prevents him from divulging his plan to end the disaster, which he believes has religious implications.
He is then accidentally killed by another of Lazaro's spear gun incidents, forcing the desperate group to come up with yet another plan for escape, and berating Lazaro for his continual screw-ups.
The end credits are an animated cartoon showing Juan going through the horde of zombies.
It is later shown that Camila, Lazaro and Vladi came back to join Juan in fighting the dead.
At a small East Coast beach town, a boat dumps radioactive toxic waste into the ocean, which lands on a sunken ship and the skeletons of shipwrecked dead sailors.
After Tina's death, Elaine worries about Hank but is reassured by her father.
Eulabelle, Dr. Gavin's housekeeper, suggests that some kind of voodoo is responsible for Tina's death.
The monsters, whose numbers have increased, attack the slumber party and kill most of the girls.
While attempting to fix the tire, they are killed by the monsters.
One of the monsters, stalking two girls in town, is enraged when they are picked up before it can kill them.
Dr. Gavin and Hank study the severed arm, which is still alive, and they cannot figure out how to kill it.
Dr. Gavin arrives and throws sodium at the monster attacking Elaine, killing it.
Hank saves Dr. Gavin by killing the monster attacking him, and the group kills the remaining monsters.
We will not permit you to see these shockers unless you agree to release the theater of all responsibility for death by fright!"
After his mother Nancy Lincoln (Rhianna Van Helton), falls victim to an illness that requires her to be tied to her bed, vicious and cannibalistic, 10-year-old Abe Lincoln (Brennen Harper) sees his father Thomas Lincoln (Kent Igleheart) commit suicide at her bedside.
The group makes their way back to the fort where Jackson refuses to kill the infected, believing them to only be sick and in need of care.
Meanwhile, agent John Wilkinson (Jason Vail) protests the killing and asks to remain behind as the rest of the group heads into the township to kill off the infected.
Wilkinson, who is revealed to be a spy, plots to kill Lincoln while he's alone but changes his mind when he catches Abe praying, as in his mind prayer would ensure Lincoln's soul going to heaven.
When the fuse goes out, Stonewall ventures down alone to re-light it, but is over-run and killed by the zombies just after doing so.
Mary accepts her fate and goes off with Lincoln to die, much to Sophia's heartbreak.
As Abe cleans wounds caused by her restraining shackles, Mary grabs his hand scratches his skin infecting him, much to his horror, forcing him to kill her.
Knowing he is himself uncurable, Abe requests that a message be sent to John Wilkinson, as earlier he'd discovered that Wilkinson was actually John Wilkes Booth who had a plot to kidnap Lincoln in response to the end of the war and the Union the victor.
The trauma of witnessing the mass murder of her female friends and family members pushes her toward madness.
She wanders about, narrowly escaping her own death, until she finds Aoi (Mai Tsujimoto), a woman who is both equipped and mentally ready to kill.
Seeking the real-life version of Billy, Sakura must decide whether to survive and find the answers or give up and die.Some text adapted from the , released under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Sharealike 3.0 Unported License and the GNU Free Documentation License
* Higarino as Sakura Ishizuka
* Mai Tsujimoto as Aoi
* Max MacKenzie as Billy
* Kaoru Nishida
* Asami Miyakawa
Director John Cairns has been living in Japan for over ten years.
They wrote that the film's beginning and title might lead viewers to feel the film was to be simply a "Japanese schoolgirls killing zombies" film, but it took off in an unexpected direction.
He has periods of unresponsiveness, suffers from seizures, a wound on his right foot worsens, he becomes more gaunt, his eyes and tongue swell, his fingernails and teeth yellow, and he begins expelling a black fluid from his ears, mouth and anus.
After Bruce goes outside to cool off, and gets into an argument with his mother in the yard, Brad (who has just killed and ate the family dog, Fulci) wheels into the kitchen, stands up, and attacks Gavyn.
Gavyn's screams alert Bruce and Karmen, who find him dead from severe head trauma, and Brad convulsing on the floor.
Brad finds Ashley and Karmen, and kills the former by punching through a door and impaling her through the neck on the splintered wood, subsequently ripping her head off.
Karmen beats Brad and the entity to death, and the film ends with home movies of the Robacks, and Karmen's husband returning home to discover his wife has hanged herself in the garage.
In the year 2046, a heavily populated research facility on Mars is suddenly attacked by an unknown assailant.
One of the Marines, John "Reaper" Grimm, accompanies his sister, Dr. Samantha Grimm, to one of the labs within the devastated sector to retrieve data; here he learns that the dig site where their parents were accidentally killed was re-opened and ancient skeletons of a genetically enhanced race were discovered.
Marine Eric "Goat" Fantom is killed during their pursuit, along with the creature.
Goat suddenly revives, and then kills himself by slamming his head against a glass window.
Sam injects Reaper with the C24 serum, enhancing his abilities so that he is able to kill the infected humans and fully mutated creatures.
We'll have to wait and see: the audience will have to tell us..."
One of the most noteworthy aspects of the film is a short sequence near the end of the film where the camera follows the progress of Grimm from a first-person perspective in homage to the original game.
It has been revealed that he will be dealing not only with alien demons but also the organization known as the United Aerospace Corp that is responsible for the death of his parents.
Cal tells Jonathan about the legend of Bobby Fowler, an abused and deformed boy who lived in the mortuary.
That night, Cal, Sara and Tina go to the graveyard outside the mortuary and vandalize it; they then go into one of the crypts, where they are attacked by Bobby Fowler.
At the mortuary, Leslie performs her first embalming.
Shortly after entering the tunnels, they  see and hear things; a hand suddenly punches through Grady's chest, giving him enough time to say quietly, "run", before dying.
Cal is killed by getting his head blown off by the Sheriff, and the other infected are burned with salt; Bobby is sucked in and the three escape the house.
''Bloody Disgusting'' rated it 2/5 stars and said that "it's for die-hard Hooper fans only."
|| Anthony G. Sumner || 2010 || first segment of anthology film, software hack turns people into "corporate zombies", although they don't really die first || 
|-
| ''Song of the Dead'' || Chip Gubera || 2004 || Featured movie based on this short is ''Song of the Dead'' (2005).
He looks like a zombie at very end of movie || 
|-
| ''The Signal'' || David Bruckner, Dan Bush & Jacob Gentry || 2007 || anthology film || No zombies.
Characters are killed by voodoo practitioners with regular slasher methods.
The murderer calls himself The Laughing Corpse and is revealed to be a man who dresses in a skeleton outfit.
Obsessed with the mystery, Stan hunts the ragtag figure through the city, discovering a trail of mangled, half-eaten victims, and an urban legend: Puss Head was a sewer worker who came back from an uncharted tunnel changed into something both living and dead.
The film also posthumously bills Bela Lugosi as a star (silent footage of the actor had actually been shot by Wood for another, unfinished film just prior to Lugosi's death in August 1956).
The aliens implement "Plan 9", a scheme to resurrect the Earth's dead, referred to as "ghouls".
The pilots follow the saucer's flight until it lands at the graveyard, where the funeral's gravediggers are killed by a female zombie (Maila Nurmi).
At his home, lost in his thoughts of grief, the Old Man goes outside and (offscreen) steps in front of an oncoming car and is killed.
Mourners at the Old Man's funeral later discover the dead gravediggers.
Police Inspector Clay then encounters the female zombie and the reanimated corpse of the Old Man, and he is killed by them.
To force their acknowledgment, Eros recommends implementing "Plan 9", which will resurrect recently human dead by stimulating their pituitary and pineal glands.
Though the Undead are under alien control, zombie Clay suddenly attacks and nearly strangles Eros.
Officer Kelton (Paul Marco) encounters the zombie Old Man, who then chases him into the Trents' yard, where the zombie Old Man is hit with Eros' ray, causing his body to rapidly decompose.
Eros threatens to kill Paula if Trent and the police try to force him to go with them.
The humans quickly escape, and Tanna and the unconscious Eros fly away in their now burning saucer, which finally explodes, killing them both; their zombies quickly decompose to just skeletal remains inside their clothing.
Craig suggests that the name of the female alien, Tanna, might invoke the name of another Greek deity: Thanatos, god of death.
Shortly before Lugosi's death in August 1956, he had been working with Wood on numerous half-realized projects, variously titled ''Tomb of the Vampire'' or ''The Ghoul Goes West''.Peary 1981, pp.
Shortly after Lugosi's death the story and screenplay for ''Grave Robbers from Outer Space'' were written and finalized, with Wood planning to use the unconnected, unrelated footage of Lugosi as a means of putting a credit for him on the picture.
The original title is mentioned at the end of Criswell's opening narration when he asks the audience, "Can your heart stand the shocking facts about grave robbers from outer space?"
Meanwhile, Dr. Dan Halpern (LeVar Burton), another of the refugees, is studying parts culled from the bodies of the zombies, but he is unable to make much headway because he only has access to 'dead' zombies.
While they are defeated, many of the refugees are killed, and two are infected by the virus, one of them being Halpern's daughter, Julie (Kerisse Hutchinson).
Later in the film, Halpern is forced to kill himself by detonating a grenade when his daughter bites him, before the virus can claim him as well.
The man proceeds to shoot the guard dead.
Since the LHC is now off, they can use the elevator in the maintenance tunnel to get out; they believe that the team led by Dr. Niven is dead due to radiation.
Connor finds another way out of the room and they head back into the maintenance tunnel, where they find the dead body of the security guard killed at the beginning of the movie.
This makes them realize that the technicians are all dead and have become zombie like.
Amy and James head back into the maintenance tunnel, where they find the Director General's security guard is dead.
James recovers a gun from the guard.
Finally, they find Kate's dead body, which the zombies have mutilated.
The Director General enters Dr. Niven's office, picks up the gun left behind by Amy and points it at her.
Following the accidental death of his mother Renee during production of her latest film, thirteen-year-old Jeff Matthews and his veterinarian father Chase move to the town of Ludlow, Maine.
It turns out that Zowie's cells have completely deteriorated and are no different from those of a dead canine.
Gus rips up a gravemarker and is about to hit Drew with it when Zowie appears and fatally mauls Gus, whom the boys subsequently bury at the Indian cemetery.
An undead Clyde arrives and tries to kill Jeff; first with an ax, and then with an ice-skate.
Renee wants Jeff to stay and join her in death, saying she loves him, but Jeff drags his father out of the house as Renee is destroyed by the flames.
Tom decapitates Angel, beats Ben to death with her head, and buries the couple's remains.
The death of the courier is witnessed by Mrs. Palmer, the neighborhood busybody, so Tom rips her mandible out with a claw hammer.
Han's third segment titled "The Christmas Gift" (a SF musical retelling of O. Henry's short story, about a woman's primal desires emerging when confronted with her last chance to survive after witnessing the end of the world) was never shot, and the two thirds remained unreleased.
Seok-woo and his date, Kim Yoo-min (Go Joon-hee), end up eating the toxic beef during a barbecue one evening, and soon they and the rest of the population become flesh-eating zombies.
The film focuses on a small town wherein a few tourists are murdered, but their corpses begin to reanimate.
In the film's opening scene, a mob of townspeople attempt to kill a visiting photographer.
He survives and is taken to a hospital, where he is murdered just out of sight of the sheriff and the doctor.
More visitors are murdered by the townspeople.
Gillis becomes increasingly disconcerted as a grisly death occurs every day.
In each case, the killers photograph the victims as they are murdered.
On the grill of his car, Gillis finds the twitching severed arm of the accident victim, who attacks him and flees with the arm.
After the attack, Gillis scrapes some flesh from the vehicle and takes it to the local doctor, who tells him that the tissue sample has been dead approximately four months.
He discovers that Dobbs was formerly the chief pathologist in Providence, Rhode Island, until he was dismissed 10 years before for conducting unauthorized autopsies in the county morgue.
At the climax, it is revealed that Dobbs has developed a secret technique for reanimating the dead, and all of the townspeople are reanimated corpses under his control.
Dobbs considers himself an "artist" who uses his zombies to murder the living in order to create more corpses on which to practice his reanimation technique.
The Sheriff is unaware that he is also one of the living dead, having been murdered some time ago by his undead wife under Dobbs' orders.
She is grossed out after finding a man jacking off to their lovemaking, but he's later killed by zombie hands spouting from the ground which tear through his system and out of his mouth, grabbing Arbie's underwear that he was masturbating with.
Hummus manages to kill the uncooked chicken by shoving a broom up Carl's backside, though it tears off his penis.
Carl Jr. is killed when Arbie gives him alcohol to drink.
The mascot (Lloyd Kaufman) shoots all the chicken zombies inside with an M-16 machine gun.
Arbie and Wendy realize that beer kills the chicken zombies and then kill the Mickie and mascot zombie.
It is then killed by the Paco sandwich.
The guys eventually lose control and crash, resulting in the car back-flipping before landing on the ground and exploding, thus killing all inside.
On the negative end of the critical spectrum, Roger Moore of the ''Orlando Sentinel'' felt the film "wears out its joke, like all Troma films, long before that last 50-gallon keg of fake blood is tapped...it's a 40-minute short struggling to escape a 103-minute feature", giving it a rating of two out of five stars.
The gravedigger is also furnished with a deadly shovel, presumably used for digging graves and/or slaying zombies, dragons, other mythological creatures and evil bacon.
The killer leaves to get a protective suit and an axe, and when he returns he finds nothing but the woman's discarded clothing in the hole.
The cast and crew members are either killed (one has his heart ripped out and eaten in front of him) or scared off, leaving the female star of the film to be gangbanged by the ghouls.
In a morgue, an employee places a female body on a table, and begins molesting it.
At a psychiatric hospital, an orderly enters a room covered in drawings of Cross of St. Peter|inverted crosses, and discovers the female resident lying on the floor, having seemingly killed herself via self-induced head trauma.
Ash is forced to cut his hand off with a chainsaw, which he then uses to kill Shelly by forcing her to "ride" the tool's blade.
Ash tries to kill the Deadites with the chainsaw (which he has replaced his missing hand with) but it will not start, leaving him unable to fight off the demonesses as they force him into an orgy.
Six forensic undergrads, Megan (Katharine Isabelle), Daniel (Brendan Fehr), Josh (Brendan Fletcher), Patrick (Jesse Moss), Kate (Kristie Patterson) and Rob (Michael Eisner), are assigned to complete a scientific field exam on a deserted island known as Eerie Strait, where life-term prisoners were once held and corpses lay dead.
As Kate revives as a zombie and Rob approaches her as one after being bitten to death by the tattoo zombie (Ryland Alexander) and thug zombie (Jason Truong), Megan is forced to gruesomely kill the two of them.
Back at the main cabin, as the zombies attack, Tomkins shoots the skinhead zombie that is outside and inside where Larry botches a molotov cocktail, the thug zombie is able to pull Larry underneath the cabin to bite him to death.
Megan accidentally fires a shot that injures Daniel, but she shoots Larry dead.
The zombies attack the bus, and they crash the tattoo zombie into a nearby cabin, resulting in Patrick's death.
Megan, Daniel and Josh get into the car as Tomkins attacks Veneziano, who is pressured to admit the island was used for conducting biological experiments on prisoners sentenced to death row and turned into a death camp when the testing went wrong years ago.
The opening shows a young couple being welcomed as residents to the tower block, intercut with Dr Hobbes murdering his adolescent mistress by strangling her, then cutting open her stomach and pouring acid into her body to kill the parasites, and then cutting his own throat.
The story follows characters Ben (Jones), Barbra (O'Dea), and five others trapped in a rural farmhouse in Western Pennsylvania, which is attacked by a large and growing group of unnamed "living dead" monsters drawing on earlier depictions in popular culture of the ghoul, which has led this type of creature to be referred to most popularly as a zombie.
This is the most easily recognized version of the living dead, to the point where people gather in mass quantities for conventions dressed as zombies, complete with makeup and prosthetic limbs.
Johnny tries to rescue his sister, but the man throws him against a gravestone; Johnny strikes his head on the stone and is killed.
Radio reports explain that a wave of mass murder is sweeping across the eastern United States.
Tom and Judy try to drive the truck away from the pump, but Judy is unable to free herself from its door, and the truck explodes, killing them both; the zombies promptly eat the charred remains.
In the chaos the two fight and Ben manages to wrestle the gun away and shoots Harry.
Helen is frozen in shock, and Karen stabs her to death with a masonry trowel.
He continued as a theater actor and director until his death in 1988.
* Charles Craig as  Newscaster /zombie
* Bill Hinzman as Cemetery Living Dead: The cemetery living dead who kills Johnny in the first scene.
Russo came up with the concept that they would be the recently dead only, because they could not afford to bring long-dead people out of their graves, or at least "we" thought.
One example offered by O'Dea concerns a scene where Barbra tells Ben about Johnny's death:
Although the film is regarded as one of the launching pads for the modern zombie movie, the screenplay itself never uses the word.
Consumed flesh consisted of roasted ham and entrails donated by one of the actors, who also owned a chain of butcher shops.
He asks, "What girl has not, at one time or another, wished to kill her mother?
Wood asserts that the zombies represent capitalists, and "cannibalism represents the ultimate in possessiveness, hence the logical end of human relations under capitalism".
Lococo recalled, "Of all the sound effects that we created, the one that still gives me goosebumps when I hear it, is Marilyn's screaming as [Helen Cooper] is killed by her daughter.
Roger Ebert of the ''Chicago Sun-Times'' chided theater owners and parents who allowed children access to the film with such potent content for a horror film they were entirely unprepared for: "I don't think the younger kids really knew what hit them," he said.
Stein adds, "In this first-ever subversive horror movie, the resourceful black hero survives the zombies only to be killed by a redneck posse".
Each film traces the evolution of the living dead epidemic in the United States and humanity's desperate attempts to cope with it.
In the case ''Dawn Associates v. Links'', Romero accused Russo of "appropriat[ing] part of the title of the prior work", plagiarizing ''Dawn of the Dead'''s advertising slogan ("When there is no more room in hell [...] the dead will walk the earth"), and copying stills from the original 1968 film.
When their jeep breaks down near a small plantation in the jungle outside Rio, the site of a former slave rebellion one hundred years ago, Dick uses his powers to raise the dead of six executed Negro slaves, who target the college kids and the residents of the plantation to seek revenge for their deaths.
In an abandoned prison, a doctor has revived executed convicts as the living dead.
A teenager (Scott Schwartz creates a weapon from a LaserDisc player's laser and pursues the walking dead, aided by his girlfriend and grandfather.
Mickey's father, mother and brother were killed before they figured out how to escape.
He keeps the door shut while urging Mickey to kill it with the baseball bat he left in the room earlier.
After the sound of the struggle stops, Ben opens the door, discovering his friend has successfully scored his first zombie kill.
As the two stop by the road to inspect a car, a man takes Mickey hostage with a knife, and orders Ben to give him their car keys.
The movie ends with Ben talking to the walkie-talkie, claiming he will come and kill Annie to avenge Mickey's death.
They manage to kill all assassins but Benny.
PT suddenly realizes La Roca is Jack's father.
Behind Joe, Benny appears and fires at the two with a silenced gun.
Before he can reach Rabbit Joe stabs Benny and takes his gun.
Blood rushes out of Benny's back which suddenly attracts the decomposed walking corpses of Slater, La Roca, Pikowski and Hackman.
While screaming at Nick and Mary to get out of the Suburban, Rabbit takes the silencer off the gun and fires at the zombies, alerting everyone else.
Rabbit turns around to see Pikowski's zombie swinging a pick axe at him and missing.
After four hours of waiting, Jack has another flashback and sees his father, Slater, Hackman and Pikowski working on a road when Hackman pulls out a knife and attempts to escape while John hides under a machine and tries to stay away from the trouble.
Conaway demands to know where Jack is; only hearing that Jack is dead.
Jack draws Gil out and points a gun at his head when he enters his truck.
He begs for him to not stay on the road, stating the zombies kill anything on the road.
Gil uncuffs himself but is too late as they knock him down and kill him with the jackhammer.
Conaway and his thugs learn about the zombies return and they were killing anyone whoever set foot on the road to cover up the crime and the zombies.
He and Steph are unable to kill the zombies by gunfire as the jackhammer is brought up.
After seconds, John suddenly snaps and pushes the jackhammer into Slater's stomach, destroying his spirit and body.
Jack cuts his hand with a knife and embraces it into his father's hand.
With enough energy, John thanks his son and chokes Pikowski, killing him.
With Sheriff Conaway and his thugs dead Route 666 is now peaceful once more.
Once there, the women realize that there is no rave and that the men lied to them in order to beat and rape them.
The film follows the carnage that ensues when a man accidentally resurrects Premutos, an evil fallen angel who takes over his body and then proceeds to summon an army of the living dead to do his bidding.
Jesus rushes in to save them and is able to mutilate the hulking zombie with his axe by slicing off its arm.
Consequently, all of the survivors, except for Alison, Hunter, and Alison's brother Ricky (Jason K. Wixom), are killed.
He explains that he feels cursed as the zombies never seem to be able to kill him and decides to take his own life before the credits roll.
Instead Calvin naps on the couch and then a freak lightning storm from the strange electrical currents causes everyone who sees it to drop dead.
When Calvin awakes he finds his wife and daughter seemingly dead.
As soon as Calvin turns his back, his daughter rises from the dead and crawls out an open window.
After he subdues her, his neighbor Ray shows up and tells Calvin Tina has bitten him and he had no choice but to kill her by striking her with a hammer.
Flash forward two years and Calvin has adapted to his lifestyle of living in a world full of the un-dead.
He feeds Ella dog food in a dog bowl as he just can't bring himself to kill her for good.
's roof, the two play loud music with a heavy beat and the zombies come pouring out of the woods and "dance" to the beat of the music.
The man is instantly killed, the woman is carried away to the templar's castle where she is sacrificed.
After she discovers his body stabbed with scissors, she is stabbed in the head with a French knife, and her body is dragged through a cellar door.
Norman's ex-colleague, Dr. Peterson, who murdered his mistress before committing suicide, was the previous owner.
A figure emerges, stabs her in the neck with a fireplace poker, and drags her into the cellar.
On the way, Norman drops by the library and finds a cassette of Peterson's, which explains Freudstein killed his family.
Norman and Lucy finally get into the cellar, which contains several mutilated bodies (including Ann, the realtor, and the couple from the beginning of the film), surgical equipment, and a slab.
As Freudstein grabs Bob's leg, he is suddenly yanked upwards by Mae.
*Catriona MacColl as Lucy Boyle (credited as Katherine MacColl)
*Paolo Malco as Dr. Norman Boyle
*Ania Pieroni as Ann (babysitter)
*Giovanni Frezza as Bob Boyle
*Silvia Collatina as Mae Freudstein
*Dagmar Lassander as Laura Gittleson
*Giovanni De Nava as Dr. Freudstein
*Daniela Doria as the first female victim
*Gianpaolo Saccarola as Daniel Douglas
*Carlo De Mejo as Mr. Wheatley
*Kenneth A. Olsen as Harold (credited as John Olson)
*Elmer Johnsson as the Cemetery Caretaker
*Ranieri Ferrara as a victim
*Teresa Rossi Passante as Mary Freudstein
*Lucio Fulci as Professor Mueller (uncredited)
Film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 38%, based on 
''Time Out'' called the film "a hack-work of almost awesome incoherence".
The original cinema version was heavily cut with edits to the poker murder and the slashing of Ann's throat, and this print was later released on video prior to the UK's Video Recordings Act 1984 and subsequently banned as a video nasty.
The film was made officially available in 1988, though the print had been pre-edited by 34 seconds (removing the cinema cuts) and then additionally cut by 4 minutes 11 seconds with further cuts to the opening stabbing, the bat attack, Norman's throat being torn out by Freudstein and tracking shots of mutilated bodies in the basement.
The 2001 Vipco DVD issue restored nearly all of the film's prior edits but was cut by 33 secs by the BBFC with lesser edits made to the poker murder and a throat cutting.
While the couple hears distant sounds, small meteorites hitting the ground nearby, and are well aware of the meteor shower passing that night, they distract themselves, and John is hit in the back with a meteorite.
He is killed while lying on top of Nicole, who passes out from his dead weight.
One of the home owners, Mike, is killed in the fray just before the others leave.
Stephen, the owner of the party home, having put an end to his roommate Mike after being fatally wounded and torn apart by the reanimated couple, begins to get drunk and regale himself with stories from his past.
To his surprise, Suzie finds herself knocking at his door, her family having been killed.
Brian later admits he did not search the upstairs fully, and this coupled with Lauren's slow but potential death add to the group's dire situation.
When signal is available, the radio tells of the outbreak being a highly debated topic, some suggesting the undead to simply be sick people, mentally or physically, while others suggest it to be the end of times.
After hours of driving, the couple hit a roadblock, abandoned cars and bodies lying along the road randomly, but only occasionally.
They arm themselves with firearms found in the trunk of an abandoned vehicle, but the roadblock appears to be the end of the road for the couple entirely.
His friend Thomas Granger (Brian Paulin) believes that he has found the cure by feeding his friend dead flesh to counteract the terrible disease.
The dead start to rise from their graves and butcher every living human they see to pieces, including a heavily armed SWAT team.
The zombies later invade a populated city, killing every living person in sight once again.
When the members of a punk band die, Dameon David, a greedy manager, brings them back to life again as zombies.
Craig Miller of ''The Mercury'' rated it 1.5/4 stars and wrote that it has a "likeable D-grade premise and typical D-grade execution".
They face a new threat when the dead begin to reanimate.
Jim helplessly watches his girlfriend Emilie die of a wound sustained while trying to find safety, and he retreats to a farmhouse.
It stars Louis Graham as Dr. Gabriel Schreklich, a scientist who seeks to resurrect his dead family.
Distraught, he founds The Institute for Life Extension, where tries to find a way to resurrect the dead.
While remarking that the editor's efforts to maintain continuity were comendable, he concluded that "the end result seems hardly worth the effort".
On the way, they confront hostile Elvis impersonators and end up in a fight.
Fleeing the law, they end up in an intolerant religious community that holds the secret of the apocalypse; a botched magical spell reveals it to be a zombie apocalypse.
Zombies kill everyone but Jessie, who lives among them and decides to study their culture.
In the end, the scientist who created them is killed by his own creations.
Nemesis is seemingly executed and Ferriden turned over to mad scientists in the compound.
When Nemesis returns for vengeance, zombies attack the inhabitants and kill Wilhelm.
Set in three different time periods and locales, the film tells the story of an artifact that can return the dead to life.
Following a deadly viral outbreak, private soldier Max Gatling (Lundgren) leads a handful of survivors and a team of robots in a fight against an army of the dead.
After searching through the city and killing many zombies on the way, he locates Jude and tells her that he is going to get her out of the city, and she takes him to other survivors.
However, he is stopped by the others and left for dead.
On the day of the escape, Gatling, Jude, the survivors, and the robots shoot down and kill many zombies along the way.
They meet up with Gatling, who reveals to Reese that a part of his mission is not only to take Jude home, but to kill anybody that can whistle-blow on the outbreak.
The film stars Jessie Williams, Lucinda Rhodes-Flaherty, and Francesca Ciardi and will centre on a group of people trying to survive inside a shopping center that is under attack by the dead.
''Death Walks'' is Ciardi's first horror film since her role as Faye Daniels in the 1980 film ''Cannibal Holocaust'' and her first film role in over 20 years, her last film being 1991's ''Safari''.Francesca Ciardi#Filmography
In an East London shopping centre, a group of people are warned by a strange Italian woman (Francesca Ciardi) that they are all going to die.
At an unspecified point in the future, the government created a type of jet which never needed refueling but which leaked a type radiation that caused those exposed to it to die and reanimate as intelligent zombies dubbed "Grubs".
Now beat it, unless you're throwing some green my way".
His ambition at the time, according to Films and Filming magazine, was to "play a role that does not involve killing somebody".
These zombies are put to work on Luna's farm and mindlessly follow her orders, including the murder of her enemies.
Eventually, a botched spell destroys the zombies and Luna is killed.
A priest practicing the Voodoo arts resurrects Matt Cordell (Robert Z'Dar), who takes his badge and comes back from the dead to do his bidding.
There is a crossfire, and while Kate is severely wounded, she ends up killing the clerk in return.
When rushed to the hospital, she is rendered comatose and brain dead, much to the chagrin of investigating officer Sean McKinney (Robert Davi).
McKinney catches the report of Katie using excessive force in a hostage situation, which portrays the clerk as an innocent victim and threatens to free the badly injured Frank Jessup.
The reporters who had framed Kate are then murdered, as well.
Their investigations lead them to Houngan (Julius Harris), who admits that he had brought Cordell back from the dead, and he is interested in Kate who is on the verge of death.
At gunpoint, Cordell forces Houngan to attempt the resurrection on her, but he is unable to do so, stating her spirit is refusing to return from the dead to be with him.
He chases them in a beat up police car, while they ride in an ambulance.
Later, the charred corpse of Cordell is rolled into a morgue, next to the burned remains of Katie.
While the lone coroner, who rolled Cordell into the morgue, is busy with his computer, the camera pans to the bodies, which shows Cordell's hand moving over to hold Katie's hand.
* Michael Wetherbee as the Zombie
* Dave Meegan as the Trucker
During the credits, a list of names of the extras who portrayed other zombies in the film is given, stating: "Featuring a cornucopia of things living and/or dead, as portrayed by..." 
The short film was generally well received by viewers and was one of ''Film School Rejects|Film School Rejects''' "11 Best Short Films of 2011".
|| 
|-
| ''Days of Darkness'' || Jake Kennedy || 2007 || || 
|-
| ''The Dead'' || Howard J. Ford & Jonathan Ford || 2010 || || 
|-
| ''The Dead 2: India'' || Howard J. Ford & Jonathan Ford || 2013 || || http://www.fangoria.com/new/the-dead-2-india-movie-review/
|-
| ''Dead & Breakfast'' || Matthew Leutwyler || 2004 || || 
|-
| ''Dead & Buried'' || Gary Sherman || 1981 || || 
|-
| ''Dead Air'' || Corbin Bernsen || 2009 || || 
|-
| ''Dead and Deader'' || Patrick Dinhut || 2006 || || 
|-
| ''The Dead and the Damned'' || Rene Perez || 2010 || || 
|-
| ''The Dead and the Damned 2'' || Rene Perez || 2014 || || 
|-
| ''Dead Before Dawn'' || April Mullen || 2012 || half-zombie, half-demon || 
|-
| ''Dead Heat'' || Mark Goldblatt || 1988 || || 
|-
| ''The Dead Hate the Living!''
Cardone || 2006 || || 
|-
| '':pl:Wilczyca (1983 film)|Wilczyca'' (''The Wolf'', ''She-Wolf'') || :pl:Marek Piestrak|Marek Piestrak || 1983 || dead woman comes back as an undead werewolf || 
|-
| ''Wild Zero'' || Tetsuro Takeuchi || 2000 || || 
|-
| ''The Woman Eater'' || Charles Saunders || 1957 || || 
|-
| ''World War Z'' || Marc Forster || 2013 || || 
|-
| ''Wyrmwood: Road of the Dead'' || Kiah Roache-Turner  || 2014 || || 
|-
| ''Yoroi Samurai Zombie'' (''Yoroi: Samurai Zonbie'', ''Samurai Zombie'') || Tak Sakaguchi || 2008 || || 
|-
| ''Z Island'' || Hiroshi Shinagawa || 2015 || || 
|-
| ''Zeder'' (''Revenge of the Dead'') || Pupi Avati || 1983 || || 
|-
| ''Zibahkhana'' (''Hell's Ground'') || Omar Khan || 2007 || Pakistan's first zombie movie || 
|-
| ''ZMD: Zombies of Mass Destruction (film)|ZMD: Zombies of Mass Destruction'' || Kevin Hamedani || 2009 || || 
|-
| ''Zombeavers'' || Jordan Rubin || 2014 || || 
|-
| ''Zombi 2'' (''Zombie Flesh-Eaters'') || Lucio Fulci || 1979 || an unlicensed sequel to ''Zombi'' (the Italian title of ''Dawn of the Dead'') || 
|-
| ''Zombi 3'' (''Zombie Flesh Eaters 2'') || Lucio Fulci & Bruno Mattei || 1988 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie 4: After Death'' (''Oltre la morte'', ''Zombie Flesh Eaters 3'') || Claudio Fragasso || 1988 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie 5: Killing Birds'' (''Uccelli assassini'') || Claudio Lattanzi || 1991 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Apocalypse'' || Nick Lyon || 2011 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Ass'' (''Zombie Ass: Toilet of the Dead'') || Noboru Iguchi || 2011 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Bloodbath'' || Todd Sheets || 1993 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Brigade'' || Carmelo Musca & Barrie Pattison || 1986 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Chronicles'' || Brad Sykes || 2001 || || 
|-
| ''The Zombie Diaries'' || Michael Bartlett & Kevin Gates || 2006 || || 
|-
|''World of the Dead: The Zombie Diaries|The Zombie Diaries 2''  || Michael Bartlett & Kevin Gates || 2011 || sequel || 
|-
|''The Zombie Farm'' || Ricardo Islas || 2011 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Genocide'' || Andrew Harrison, Khris Carville, & Darryl Sloan || 1993 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie High'' || Ron Link || 1987 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Holocaust'' (''Zombi Holocaust'') || Marino Girolami || 1980 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Holocaust'' (''Female Mercenaries on Zombie Island'') || Gary Whitson || 1995 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Honeymoon'' || David Gebroe || 2004 || || 
|-
| ''The Zombie King'' || Aidan Belizaire || 2013 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie King and the Legion of Doom'' (''Zombie Beach Party'', ''Enter  Zombie King'') || Stacey Case || 2004 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Lake'' || Jean Rollin || 1981 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Massacre'' || Luca Boni and Marco Ristori || 2013 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Nation'' || Ulli Lommel || 2004 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Night'' (2003) || David J. Francis || 2003 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Night'' (2013) || John Gulager || 2013 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie Night 2: Awakening'' || David J. Francis || 2006 || sequel || 
|-
| ''Zombie Nightmare'' || Jack Bravman || 1986 || || 
|-
| ''Zombie!
Billions of people are killed in World War III, and most of the surviving males are rendered sterile.
In a morgue, BJ has sex with a corpse that has a biohazard symbol on the toe tag; afterward, he handles an empty test tube while washing up.
Enraged, Samantha chokes Nikki to death.
Losing her sanity, Samantha invites Riley, a man who has had a crush on her, to Alice's house and tries to seduce him.
She discovers an amulet that allows her to control the dead-which she uses to try and contact him.
While researching this phenomenon, he is attacked and killed by his test subjects, a flock of violent birds.
Bollman, thought dead after the struggle, suddenly reappears and resumes his attacks.
Robert is forced to shoot him dead with a pistol.
Eugen and Vanessa burn Bollman's body and watch over Patrick, though Eugen secretly continues his taunts and threatens to kill Patrick.
When Robert and Marlene see Lieutenant Lehmann murder and attempt to cannibalize a local, they retreat back to the mansion.
Robert urges Eugen to help, but Eugen dismisses their research as pointless and outright advocates killing Patrick.
When the semiconscious Patrick saves them from a stray villager who has entered the mansion, the others refuse to kill him; instead, they bind him upstairs and continue their research.
As dawn breaks, soldiers storm the property, kill the infected townspeople, and take Robert in for testing.
The creature starts thus by killing everyone in and around the house (Starting with Price, who ventured upon the graveyard after hearing something suspicious).
The entire crew, including Eric, who has fled from "David", are killed by the zombie.
As the formula can only be extracted from dead feral zombies, there are constant rumors that the supplies will run out.
Alex narrowly avoids both an attempted murder and police searches.
When Kate's source turns up dead, and evidence points toward Amber, Kate instructs Alex to check on their supply of the treatment.
In the final scene, some months later, a pregnant Kate prepares to assassinate Jacob and Amber at a book tour.
The toxic waste, illegally dumped in a nearby graveyard, then causes the recently dead townspeople to rise as ravenous zombies, who seek revenge on the unscrupulous company and its employees.
Dr. Max Heinrich von Altermann (John Carradine), is a mad scientist working to create a race of living dead warriors for the Third Reich.
After the death of Max's (John Carradine) wife Lila (Veda Ann Borg), he holds a funeral for her.
Lazarus (James Baskett), Max's right-hand man, finds a gun.
Lila and the hordes of zombies pursue Max, and both Max and Lila end up sinking into quicksand.
After zombies kill her coworkers at a construction company, Josephine flees to her house, where she and her husband attempt to make a stand.
Starla contacts the police chief Bill Pardy - her childhood crush - who attempts to reassure and comfort her while not acting on his feelings.
The survivors try to escape detection and kill Grant.
Bill arrives; Jack begs to be killed, and Bill shoots him in the head.
He tries to kill the monster with a grenade, but another tentacle knocks the grenade into the pool, where it detonates.
The monster sends two tentacles to stab Bill and infect him the same way he infected Brenda; one is lodged in his abdomen, but Bill attaches the other to a small propane tank, filling Grant with gas, and Starla shoots the monster, causing it to explode, whereupon all the infected die.
In one scene, the bodies of mutilated dogs are discovered on "the Castevet's farm".
Universal distanced itself from ''Slither''s performance "might have killed off the horror-comedy genre for the near future."
Mo and Aziz end up jailed with Jeffrey and Nolan, incompetent bouncers at the party, and Joris, a thief.
All but Aziz hit on Kim, a tough cop, and she tasers both Mo and Jeffrey after they talk back to her.
They do not get far before they are swamped by zombies, and they rejoin the rest of the group, who have accidentally killed Ben Saunders.
When Nolan begins vomiting green slime, he requests they kill him; after several unsuccessful attempts to bludgeon Nolan to death, they abandon him.
Kim and Aziz rescue Jeffrey and Mo, but they end up stranded at a playground.
portrays as Ivan, one of the three who join the inisiation
 portrays as Ronald, a bestfriend of Ivan and Andrew
 portrays as Greg, one of the male antagonists on the segment
Three neophytes (Sam Concepcion, AJ Perez & Robi Domingo) are brought to a morgue for the final part of their initiation while being dressed in lingeries.
An overeager neophyte snoops around the morgue, after which a detached arm on a corpse, with the R.I.P.
Soon, she finds the ghost of the dead child on her tail seeking revenge after she steals the shoes of her daughter's classmate (causing the car accident that also caused the death and amputation of the feet of her daughter's classmate).
Maria as Elisa
**Barbie Sabino as Ana
**Gianna Cutler as Kaye
**Joy Viado as Aling Gloria
*Directed By:
**Enrico C. Santos
 portrays as Rose, a female protagonists on 
the segment, she killed his boyfriend Alvin
 portrays as Alvin, a male protagonists on the segment, he the haunted his girlfriend Rose
"Eyes" is all about Rose (Maja Salvador) and her jealous boyfriend (Rayver Cruz), who after witnessing a crime when her boyfriend kills a man during road rage, experiences a repetition/Deja Vu (2006 film)|Deja Vu of the same dreadful incident until she tells the truth.
She undoes the repetitions by killing her own fiance, saving the victim, but being haunted (and seemingly killed) by her loved one.
Although it is revealed to be a joke by the late night shift employee Eric (Ketchup Eusebio), later in the episode the janitor actually jumps off the building, killing himself.
She then suddenly becomes crazy.
When the potion worked, unfortunately, the man got brutally stabbed to death by a crazed member of the audience.
Hell ensues at the carnival as the man is turned into a zombie and chases the circus woman, killing all who tries to obstruct him.
Mike and Kim are forced to kill both the couple and their own baby, who also ate the tainted food.
When decapitation cannot kill the cadaver, Burt decides to bring the corpse to the nearby mortuary to have its dismembered parts burned in a gambit to destroy it once and for all.
At the mortuary, Burt gets the mortician Ernie to burn the remains, not realizing that it causes the gas to contaminate the air and bringing a toxic rainfall to resurrect the dead in the graveyard.
While the group is running Trash gets surrounded by and eaten by zombies, ironically dying the way she described earlier as the worst way to die.
Tina, Spider, and Scuz go to the mortuary, Chuck and Casey head back to the warehouse where Tarman remains trapped downstairs.
When Burt and Ernie find out about the graveyard zombies, they quickly barricade the mortuary after a failed attempt to escape using the ambulance.
Scuz is killed while protecting the barricade and the zombies continue to eat the paramedics and police who arrive in the area.
When Glover learns that the gas has been released, he activates a containment protocol with a nuclear artillery shell to destroy the area.
With footage shown of the destroyed area, Glover describes the outcome with less than 4,000 dead and dismisses reports of the acid rain, which soon restarts the zombie rising all over again.
In a critical scene in the movie, a zombie (presumably female) who has killed one of the characters is tied to a table (she exists only as a half-torso) and explains that the dead seek brains because eating brains "makes the pain go away--the pain of being dead".
They were then ordered to stand around the Pharaoh's sarcophagus, killed with poison gas, and the entrance to his tomb was sealed.
The high priestess (Laila Nasr) who attended the burial proclaims that "he who enters this tomb, after it is sealed, will die on the dawn of the mummy".
Karib shoots his gun at them, thinking that they are intruders, but Rick and Tarak stop him.
She comes across his severely mutilated corpse in the yard, which is examined the next morning by Davidson.
A preliminary autopsy performed by Davidson, who is also the town's physician, determines that Chad was killed and eaten by more than one human.
He also discovers that Chad's hypothalamus is growing at an exponential rate despite his being dead.
The infected kill Brooke's mom and brother before she manages to escape.
He soon realizes that the dead are coming back to life.
They take a car from the house of a dead local tour operator; Javed injures his hand in the process.
They reach a military checkpoint and see military personnel killing people with wounds, so Nicholas and Javed take another route through the mountains, having to ditch their car after an accident on the road.
They soon find a motorbike and hit the road again.
Ishani's father, a preacher, starts believing that the end is near.
The father and daughter bond again with death so near.
In the end, Chase and Crystal managed to survive and get out of city and Jordan manages to get footage proving the Army's compliance in the new outbreak to Chase, who finds it in the newspaper vending machine, but the same footage shows her being taken and probably killed by the military and the U.S. government are allowed to implant tracking chips on people who are infected.
Neil Genzlinger of ''The New York Times'' wrote that the film may be rewarding for fans of the video game but is otherwise "a time waster devoid of the wit and depth of other walking-dead fare currently available".
The video was choreographed by Michael Peters (who had worked with the singer on his prior hit "Beat It"), and Jackson.
The zombies corner the two main characters threateningly, and suddenly, Michael becomes a zombie himself.
As the credits are shown, a reprise scene is shown and at the end of the credits the zombies dance back to their graves as a disclaimer appears saying that "Any similarity to actual events or persons living, dead, (or undead) is purely coincidental", the same disclaimer that appeared in  ''An American Werewolf in London'' also directed by Landis.
The coordinator of the National Film Preservation Board, who decides upon candidates for inclusion in the National Film Registry, Steve Legett, said "The time is right" for ''Thriller'' to be included, because of the death of Jackson that year.
In 1934, Don Drake returns to Chicago after a long sea voyage and discovers that his brother has been convicted of murdering his wife.
His investigation leads him to the Loveland Ballroom, the scene of the murder, where his brother was involved in a dance marathon run by Jim Moss.
Drake begins seeing his dead brother walking the foggy streets.
As Drake presses his investigation, he learns of a mystery man named Varrick, whom no one has ever seen and who might be using Haitian voodoo to bring people back from the dead.
During a meteor shower, Barry's sister Brooke is attacked in her Bulla, Victoria studio by her model and her assistant, who have suddenly become zombies.
When Meganne and Annie remove their gas masks they become infected and zombify, and Barry is forced to kill them with a nailgun.
He runs out of nails before he can kill himself.
Chalker, another survivor, finds Barry and knocks him unconscious when Barry attempts to kill himself with Chalker's gun.
Benny, who previously had to kill his infected brother, and Barry team up and come upon a garage staffed by Frank and his assistant.
Barry's truck stalls after the soldiers accidentally kill the zombie powering it.
Barry plans to kill them all in an explosion, but Benny instead sacrifices himself to turn into a zombie so Brooke can control him to overpower the soldiers.
"http://uk.ign.com/articles/2015/02/02/wyrmwood-road-of-the-dead-review
''Wyrmwood'' was reviewed in ''The West Australian'' : "with clear inspirations in ''Dawn of the Dead'', ''The Evil Dead'', ''Bad Taste'', ''Re-Animator'' and ... ''Mad Max'', from its Gothic-looking helmets, masks and weapons to its retro-fitted vehicles, ''Wyrmwood'' looks and plays a lot better than its $160,000 budget suggests."
Piroska has had a crush on Gonner for three hundred years, and as she says: "He hooked up with the first newbie deadhead that came his way."
* Ray was Dixie's crush until he began dating Julia.
Now Steve must try to control his new urges while also trying to avoid a zombie hunter (Stephen McHattie) out to end his existence.
Knowing that he does not have much time left before he  turns into a zombie, he puts his daughter in a baby sling, binds his hands to a pole, and attaches carrion to the end of the pole.
Though this is well received by the assembled clans, he is assassinated at the end of his speech.
The Lost Ninja Clan separate to explore the bunker; each fight off several opponents, though Mar is eventually overwhelmed and killed.
Trillion is killed, and Surge is poisoned.
Hiroshi reveals himself as a shapeshifter and says that he killed Fumitaka to prevent Cage from becoming Fumitaka's new lieutenant.
Soon after evil 'doll' people begin to kill their family members.
Kieron Moore stars as a mad scientist who reanimates the dead.
Peter Blood (Kieron Moore) is a young doctor who experiments with bringing the dead back to life.
Hidden in a Cornish tin mine, he conducts his ghastly experiments using curare to remove living, beating hearts from undeserving people in order to bring the deserving dead back to life.
However, the gas attack is only the first step in an alien invasion, in which groups of bullet proof killer robots stalk the streets, able to kill anyone with the a mere touch of their hands.
The group's members find additional weaponry in a nearby drill hall, but the robots continue their campaign of terror, which only increases when their victims rise from the dead as zombies, eager to kill anyone who might try to stop them.
Two members of the research group are killed.
Immediately, the possessed die, the street people wander away, and the survivors (Brian, Birack, The Priest, and Walter) are rescued.
at The New York Times   The film introduced Naschy's character of Alaric de Marnac, an executed warlock who returns to life centuries later to wreak his revenge.
Dr. Karol Noymann (Carradine), an atomic scientist, is killed in a laboratory explosion.
At Dr. Noymann's funeral, an invisible alien takes over Noymann's dead body.
The alien, in Noymann's body, visits Dr. Penner and tells him the earth must surrender or an alien force will invade and take over the earth by inhabiting the dead and causing chaos.
Later, at the site of a plane crash, another alien takes over the body of a dead pilot (Don Kennedy), goes to a hockey game, chokes the announcer, and issues an ultimatum for the earth to surrender.
Another alien take over a dead body from a car crash and issues the same ultimatum at a different sporting event.
Aliens take over more dead bodies and blow up dams, cause fires and destroy buildings.
Maj. Jay kills the farmer and they proceed to the bunker while an alien takes over the dead farmer's body.
They make a sound gun and test it on the alien, causing it to become visible and killing it in the process.
Using a radio direction finder they follow the jamming signal to the alien ship, killing several aliens along the way.
He kills them with the sound gun but is shot in the process.
Despite being wounded, he finds the alien ship and shoots it with the sound gun, causing the ship to explode.
The zombies break down the door of the Port-a-Potty Broderick is in and kill him.
He comes across the last group of soldiers, who are trying to escape in a helicopter, but all of them are killed by zombies except one soldier and the pilot.
Todd manages to fly the helicopter using his experience with video games but the soldier transforms into a zombie, so Todd breaks his neck and throws him out of the helicopter.
A survivor, Keiko, fights her way through the city and attempts to defeat General Hugioka's evil mercenaries, who indiscriminately kill both humans and zombies.
The entity possesses the bodies of the dead soldiers to create an army of its own bent on conquest, using the corpses of both the North and South.
When both Union and Confederate soldiers are mysteriously murdered by the entity during the Civil War, the opposing troops must overcome their differences and band together to investigate the gruesome deaths.
The film centers around Captain John Harling, a Union army man that has been awaiting the end of his parole; it is cut short when there are unusual murders of Union troops.
When they reach the site where several Union troops were murdered, Strayn tells about what happened to his regiment, whose gruesome end happened at the same place where the Union corpses were found.
Using Strayn to lure them back to the Union camp, he surprises them by picking up a pistol and killing one of them with a silver bullet which was created from the silver that the Confederates were carrying.
The film ends with Harling telling the story of Strayn going back to the creek where his regiment was murdered, where he is never seen again.
A dead telekinetic occultist returns from the dead and haunts them, forcing the three to survive the night inside the crypt.
Six girls have been found murdered in the apartment of famed Russian occultist Karl Raymarseivich Raymar and the police cannot explain it.
Before Carol and Kitty decide to leave, Raymar's powers open up the vaults containing coffins inside and many rotting cadavers telekinetically float and surround the girls before they mound underneath them to suffocate them.
There was this look that made them look dead and animal-like to give the audience this chill that it's not over.
Due to the unexpected death of Vergara, the release of the film was held up to determine ownership rights of inheritance under Mexican law.
All four films in the package deal were released after Karloff's death in 1969.
A series of strange sightings and encounters of zombie-like people escalates until it is apparent that something is trying to kill her as people around her start dying as well.
Her skeptical boyfriend thinks Denise is going crazy until he finds out that a number of recently dead people - including one that Denise claims attacked her - were found with all of the blood in their bodies drained into their legs as if they had died standing upright.
Thinking that she was supposed to die in the air crash, Denise speculates that the specter of death is making people who have recently died come back to life and to stalk her before finding an opportunity to kill her to finish what the chain of events that began with the plane crash started.
Denise walks in and barely escapes and calls the police who take her in for questioning only to find the man that Denise pointed who attacked her was found dead a short distance away and who had been dead for several hours.
When Brian talks with his pathologist friend Artie (William Snare) who tells him about irregular happenings in dead bodies (whom include a little girl, a homeless man, as well as the health inspector that attempted to kill Denise) had lividity of their blood draining into their legs as if they had been walking around after death, Brian begins to suspect that Denise might be telling the truth.
Meanwhile, the zombie Kristy murders a taxi driver who stops for her, and both of them attempt to kill Denise the following evening in her house.
Brian arrives with a gun to attempt to stop them or help Denise, but he too ends up getting stabbed and killed by the undead Kristy.
Denise manages to escape from her house, and drives through the nearby city which is deserted, but her car breaks down and she finds herself alone on the streets... aware that somewhere in a hospital or a morgue or a back alley that there is a person who has just died and will become a reanimated corpse for the sole purpose of killing her.
The scared Denise manages to board a passing late-night bus and arrives at Carla's house with Brian's gun where she confides in Carla about what is going on and asks for help.
But Carla, who has not spoken a word since Denise arrived at her house, takes the gun, revealing herself to be an undead cadaver having committed suicide minutes earlier by slashing her wrists in a bathtub, and shoots Denise dead before going back to the bathtub.
The final scene has Artie at the morgue with the bodies of Denise, Brian, Carla, Kristy and the taxi driver.
Artie continues to be puzzled at how the blood in the bodies of the last three corpses drained into their legs.
In the final shot, as Artie begins to type out a report of his find, the bodies of Kristy and the others rise up from their slabs behind him to presumably kill him too to keep the supernatural events of the walking dead suppressed.
In this zombie horror film, a mysterious man rampages throughout England killing unsuspecting women.
Each time a victim is murdered, they are brought back to life by an East Indian named Kantaka to join his army of zombies.
There is only one physical zombie, in full make-up, towards the end of the film.
A vampire gunslinger from the Old West terrorizes a modern-day town when his bride is revived.
Sensing the return of his bride, the  vampire who created her, an Old West gunslinger, comes to the town and begins to turn the people into zombies that serve his will.
Understandably, Kocho is distressed not only at the likely murder of his students, but at the loss of yet another chance to win the Koshien Stadium Tournament.
At the end of the film, it is revealed through narration that the drunk died of alcohol poisoning during the final confrontation between the antagonists and protagonists.
She reveals that her husband was killed by a baseball pitcher.
However, before he can kill the coach, the Gedo players plead for his life, explaining how he brought them out of orphanages and became like a father to them.
Jubeh manages to escape only through his own dexterity and the gunman's limited ammo.
As cherry blossoms fall, everyone on the field returns to life, before Jubeh attacks the bandaged gunman, literally knocking the muscles off his bones.
Most reviewers agree that while the film is not necessarily high art, it is a good martial arts/horror/comedy film they say that it is interesting and exciting enough to keep one watching until the end credits..
It stars Kyle Stanley as a high school student who uses voodoo to resurrect his crush, played by Dominique Geisendorff, when she dies.
High school senior Ethan has a crush on his childhood friend, Kahlah.
Convinced that Shane is guilty, Ethan uses his anthropologist neighbor's knowledge of voodoo to raise Kahlah from the dead as a zombie so that she can help him prove Shane's guilt.
Bored, several teens break in and find that the company has been reanimating the dead.
After witnessing his father's pride on Henry's natural ability at farming, Angus plays a cruel prank on him involving the bloody corpse of his pet sheep, just moments before Mrs. Mac, the farm's housekeeper, comes to tell the boys that their father has been killed in an accident.
Inside they find the mutilated body of a farmer.
On the other end of the farm, Angus is driving around when he sees Grant.
Tucker suddenly arrives and disinfects Angus and Henry with more amniotic fluid, administered via a medicine nozzle designed for sheep.
Eventually, all the sheep are contained and killed in a giant bonfire of ignited sheep flatulence.
Serial murderer and rapist Abbot Hayes disappears from the morgue and becomes the leader of several waves of zombies that attack his home town.
She is worried over still having feelings for her former crush Ray, running for class president, her mother seeming intent on excluding Dixie's father from an upcoming Halloween party, and her mom's pushing her to stick with one type of social group rather than choosing her friends freely.
Long-dead cannibals are brought back to life when a volcano erupts.
She pins it to the counter with a knife, but not before it scratches her leg.
The beavers bring down a tree in the road, and Tommy sets off on foot, only to be crushed by another falling tree.
They discover the neighbors are dead, and their phone lines dead.
Zoe kills her with an axe and walks away.
Since it cuts to black before they hit her it's unknown if this kills her or just injures her.
The former family, led by Patrick O'Flynn, round up a posse to kill the undead on the island.
Tensions come to a head when O'Flynn and his posse arrive at a Muldoon house to dispatch their undead children, only to engage in a brief gunfight that leaves a woman dead as well.
Seamus Muldoon contemplates killing Patrick until Patrick's daughter Janet suggests he be exiled from the island instead.
All of the O'Flynns but Patrick are killed by zombies, and he boards the ferry.
They also see that the people sent to the island by Patrick have been killed.
Patrick sees his daughter Janet ride by on a horse, apparently dead and turned into a zombie.
He tries to persuade the dead woman to bite her horse, but instead she attacks and bites her sister Janet.
Muldoon and O'Flynn call a truce that is almost immediately broken when Muldoon shoots O'Flynn, who pulls a hidden gun and kills Muldoon.
Crockett muses about the purpose of war as the reanimated O'Flynn and Muldoon stagger toward each other and attempt to shoot and kill the other again.
He manages to "kill" Damien by stabbing him multiple times in the head with a kitchen knife, but soon afterwards becomes a zombie himself.
That evening zombies invade a house party and kill everyone within.
Three of the humans are bitten during the fight and are brutally killed by the rest of the group after one starts turning.
While attempting to kill the zombie, she was bitten and died in his arms, before reanimating and biting him.
He then killed her before going home, which brings the viewer back to the film's beginning.Michael Brooke: "Review: Colin:" Sight and Sound: November 2009: 19:11: 52-53
* Alastair Kirton as Colin
* Daisy Aitkens as Linda
* Dominic Burgess as Pots
* Tat Whalley as Boyfriend
* Leanne Pammen as Laura
* Kate Alderman as False Laura
* Justin Mitchell Davey as Slingshot Guy
* Kerry Owen as Colin's mother
* Leigh Crocombe as Damien
* Helena Martin as Pots' wife
''Colin'' is the first feature film to be told entirely from a zombie's perspective from the outset, the main character Colin changes in the first few minutes of the film.http://www.horrortalk.com/reviews/Colin/colin.htm Another feature film that deals with a story from a zombie's point of view is Andrew Parkinson's ''I, Zombie'' (1998).
During their return, a zombie attacks Wade at an abandoned gasoline station and he breaks its neck.
Bonnie visits Wade that night, decrying the dehumanizing treatment of the infected and revealing that Nathan had locked himself in with his sick daughter, becoming infected himself, rather than abandon her to death among strangers in quarantine.
He tells rumors of horrible conditions at the quarantine facilities, saying he would die before going there.
The survivors trap zombies in various parts of the hotel and dispose of the dead off the hotel dock.
They spend the next few days drinking, smoking, and playing cards to kill time.
He confronts the soldiers on the dock and a shootout occurs, killing Jensen.
Tori and Cindy argue and Tori taunts Cindy about her father's death.
She then tells Cindy that Tom killed someone in a drunk driving accident in Vegas.
Later on, while eating, Tom reveals to Cindy that he killed his wife and unborn child in the accident.
Tori tries to convince Tom to leave Cindy behind and when he refuses she hits him in the head with an axe, takes his gun, and leaves.
The zombie bites her but is killed in the blast.
Some teenage campers arrive and they too eventually meet the Bigfoot, with many of them being killed or captured.
During a meeting between the scientists and the soldiers, Rhodes announces that, following the death of the previous base commander Major Cooper, he is taking command of the base, that the scientists henceforth will work under his orders, and that anyone who objects will instantly be killed.
During a zombie roundup mission, two of the soldiers, Miller and Johnson, are killed after a zombie escapes its harness; whereupon Miguel attempts to kill the creature, but is bitten on the arm.
Conditions worsen further when Rhodes finds out that Logan has been feeding the flesh of his dead soldiers to Bub as a reward for his docility and positive behavior.
Pvt Steel attempts to shoot Bub through a covered window, but gets bitten by another zombie and chooses to kill himself rather than be eaten alive.
Rhodes attempts to escape, but is shot and wounded by Bub and then violently torn apart into pieces by a crowd of zombies, killing him.
They escape together to the surface, board the helicopter, and fly to a deserted island with no dead people or zombies on it.
and David Emge from ''Dawn of the Dead'' and Joseph Pilato from ''Day of the Dead'' at a Living Dead#Romero's Dead series|living dead convention.
Near the end of the film version of ''Resident Evil'', the protagonist Alice walks outside of her quarantine into a ravaged city street jammed with traffic.
The song "Battlefield", from the This Is My Battlefield 2004 Panzer AG album samples Captain Rhodes asking Sarah in reference to Miguel's zombie bite: "You think he wants to walk around after he's dead?
The line "Sit down or so help me god I'll have you shot" appears once near the end of the song.
You're dead!"
Citing the realities of the situation, Bob says they must assume John is dead and leave for a more permanent shelter.
When a lost soldier suddenly shows up, John disarms him and learns about an extraction point.
When she realizes that he intends to leave her to die, Evie shoots John in the leg and uses him as a distraction while she escapes from the approaching zombies.
Less than a relative hour later, East Coast SAR is informed about the outbreak and the destruction of the West Coast SAR.
Whit explains that the mining staff slaughtered each other, tearing off their skin and killing one another.
Whit is able to shut down the payload, but then the deranged survivor suddenly attacks, and when he is shot, everyone is sprayed with the survivor's blood.
They either attack each other, kill themselves, or attack Whit.
Attempting to escape infection, people flee to rural locations but strange demonic figures appear, transforming the dead into their army.
News anchor Barry Baron (Elliott Gould) discovers that a drug smuggling ring is operating out of the building where he works, and is chased down and eventually shot dead by the drug dealers.
Meanwhile, the head of the drug ring, Nolan (Phil Bruns) sees one of Barry's news broadcasts and assumes that his henchmen bungled Barry's murder, and sends them to finish the job off.
When they arrive at the station however, they end up being killed in a series of mishaps, and Chafuka turns them into more zombies.
During the course of the chase Dulcie and Jordan are rescued, and then Nolan loses control of the car, with both he and Cavanaugh being killed in the resulting crash.
Evelyn is an extreme environmentalist working for a blog company that promotes "going green", while Max works a dead-end job at the local horror shop named Bloody Mary's.
As Max pleads his case to her, Evelyn tearfully admits that she doesn't want to lose him and that he's the only thing in her life that has made her happy since her mother's death.
However, the plan backfires when Evelyn accidentally gets hit by a bus on her way to the park.
A couple weeks go by and Max has shut himself off emotionally, feeling responsible for Evelyn's death.
Max eventually runs into Olivia again and starts to hit it off with her.
But when Max and Olivia visit the Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Evelyn is shown to have risen up from the dead and has dug herself up out of the ground.
Frightened, Max realizes that the Satan Genie from the shop made their wish of being "together forever" come true and has brought Evelyn back from the dead.
Travis steps up to the plate and offers to kill Evelyn so Max can meet Olivia at the movie.
Meanwhile, Max and Olivia are enjoying each other's company and end up having sex in the back of Olivia's car.
Knowing that Evelyn is now determined to kill anyone who gets in her way, Max tricks her into drawing a hot bubble bath for themselves in order to barricade the bathroom door and trap her inside.
Back at the apartment, Max sees Olivia tied up and Evelyn threatens to kill her.
It  can transform from human to a raven-like creature that could fly and move underground as it stalks its victim.
Like Hasmin, he doesn't like killing the innocent, and this reluctance leads him to the abuwak lair, suggested to be somewhere in Pampanga..Along with two other killers, they travel to the village in pursuit of the two remaining members of a lawyer's family that they massacred in Quezon City.
In the film, a phenomenon of unidentified origin has caused the reanimation of the dead, who prey on human flesh, which subsequently causes mass hysteria.
Despite the best efforts by the U.S. government and local authorities to control the situation, millions of people are killed and reanimate; social order is collapsing.
Meanwhile, police SWAT officer Roger DiMarco and his team raid a housing project where the residents are defying the martial law of delivering their dead to National Guardsmen.
Some residents fight back with handguns and rifles, and are killed by both the overzealous SWAT team and their own reanimated dead.
After several months, all emergency broadcast transmissions cease, suggesting that the government has collapsed and a large portion of the population has been killed and reanimated.
While Peter suggests they let the bikers take what they want and move on, Stephen foolishly starts a gun battle with the bikers and is shot in the arm.
* David Emge as Stephen "Flyboy" Andrews
* Ken Foree as Peter Washington
* Scott Reiniger as Roger "Trooper" DeMarco
* Gaylen Ross as Francine Parker
* Dave Crawford as Dr. James Foster
* David Early as Mr. Sidney Berman
* Richard France as Dr. Millard Rausch, Scientist
* Howard Smith as TV Commentator
* Daniel Dietrich as Mr. Dan Givens
* Fred Baker as Police Commander
* James A. Baffico|Jim Baffico as Wooley, Maniacal SWAT Cop
* Rod Stoufer as Rod Tucker, Young SWAT Cop on Roof
* Jese del Gre as Old Priest
Several Romero regulars appeared in cameos: Joe Pilato appears as Head Officer at Police Dock, Tom Savini as Blades, Assistant Head Biker/Mechanic Zombie shot through glass/Zombie hit by truck, and Taso N. Stavrakis|Taso Stavrakis as Sledge, Biker (with Sledgehammer)/Fountain Zombie/Sailor Zombie/Chestburst Zombie.
The gun store was also not located in the mall-for filming, the crew used Firearms Unlimited, a shop that existed in the East Liberty district of Pittsburgh at the time.
=
According to the original screenplay, Peter and Francine were to kill themselves, Peter by shooting himself and Fran by sticking her head into the path of the rotating main helicopter blades.
Much of the lead-in to the two suicides remains in the film, as Francine leans out of the helicopter upon seeing the zombies approach and Peter puts a gun to his head, ready to shoot himself.
at Movie Grooves'' The music heard playing in a sequence in the mall and over the film's end credits is an instrumental titled "The Gonk"-a polka style tune from the De Wolfe Music Library, with a chorus of zombie moans added by Romero.''
He went on to say that ''Dawn of the Dead'' was a "savage (if tongue-in-cheek) attack on the foibles of modern society", showcasing explicit gore and horror and turning them into "a form of art".
In the film, a phenomenon of unidentified origin has caused the reanimation of the dead, who prey on human flesh, which subsequently causes mass hysteria.
After an unexplained virus causes the reanimation of the dead, a group of survivors barricade themselves inside a village high school.
Matt Boiselle of Dread Central rated it 2/5 stars and called it a "cookie-cutter retread" despite "glimpses of brilliance".
When one of the movie's characters puts the mask and is scratched by it just like Rosemary was by its doppelganger, he then turns evil and slaughters his friends with a kitchen knife.
George kills nearly all of them when suddenly, a helicopter crashes through the roof.
They are able to kill him by impaling his head on an exposed bit of rebar.
She manages to kill the demon boy, but a flying demon bursts out of his body to further terrorize her.
She in turn attacks George but he is able to kill her before making his way to his and Hannah's apartment in time to kill the flying demon with an umbrella.
Although they heavily outnumber the demons, the uninfected are relatively easily defeated and are either turned into demons themselves or killed.
Robert Z'Dar returns as Matthew Cordell, an undead cop-turned-serial killer following his own murder.
After being impaled by a pipe and plunging into a river at the end of the previous film, the undead Maniac Cop Matthew Cordell acquires a junked police cruiser and continues his killing spree through New York City.
Finding a convenience store in the middle of a robbery, he kills the clerk; the thief is subsequently killed in a shootout with police.
At a newsstand, Jack is stabbed through the neck by Cordell, which leaves Theresa distraught and prompts her to appear on a talk show to inform the public about Cordell, as the police have kept Cordell's supposed return covered up, as Commissioner Doyle was involved in originally framing Cordell and sending him to Sing Sing.
After handcuffing Susan to the steering wheel of a car and sending her into the busy streets, Cordell kills Theresa by snapping her neck.
After Cordell leaves, Turkell goes out to find another victim but is identified at a strip club by Cheryl.
Cordell bluffs his way into the prison using Blum's paperwork, and the others kill a guard for his keys.
Shortly after entering death row, Cordell is contacted over the prison PA system by Doyle, who admits to Cordell that he was set up and states that his case has been reopened.
After hearing Doyle's announcement, Cordell abandons Turkell, Blum, and Susan and heads deeper into the prison, where he is attacked with a Molotov cocktail by the three inmates who originally mutilated him.
While burning, Cordell finally gets revenge on the three convicts who mutilated him and assaults the other prisoners (killing one of them, who didn't mutilate him, in the process), only to be attacked by Turkell, who realizes Cordell used him.
As Cordell and Turkell fight, the two crash through a wall, fall onto the bus below, and seemingly die when the vehicle explodes.
He then leads the others to a church graveyard in the woods where long-dead Confederate soldiers from the American Civil War are buried.
Soon after, they are attacked by the soldiers again; Bill and the officers are killed and eaten.
The soldiers follow them there and kill Kiyomi, Sarah, and Mel.
The former was also about dead Confederate soldiers tormenting a bunch of dirty hippies in a Winnebago.
The film is shot in a first-person POV, similar to first-person shooter video games.
Gunner finds his wife, who is dead.
Once breaking through the doors, they see all of the survivors are dead.
After a long struggle, Wheeler impales the Level 5, killing it instantly.
Before arriving at the hospital, Denise is hit by a car and kidnapped by Level 3s.
Finally arriving at the facility, the guards are able to kill multiple infected, but do not recognize Rebecca without her suit from the facility.
Level 4: Hibernation phase, originally thought to be an end phase.
Severe brain damage has been sustained through the preceding phases, and patients become extremely violent, attacking and killing anything with which they come into contact.
Instead, he talked to gamer friends, watched YouTube videos, and discussed interesting kill scenes with the stunt coordinator.
She escapes with Watson, Friday, and Burnaby while Grant is killed by an exploding corpse.
In the end, only three of them remained and drove all the way to the top of Mt.
* '''Hayakari Hiromi''': A teenage girl who is empathetic towards the undead, shown to apparently be able to kill them by giving them closure with their life.
She eventually has sex with Hideo before allowing the infection to take her and joins the infected hivemind, allowing herself to be consumed by a massive building sized creature, whereupon her more base desires take control and she aids the creature in its attempt to murder Hideo, since he refuses to willingly join the infected.
She was subsequently infected by an infant and forced Hiromi to kill her and the child by crushing them in a nearby garbage truck.
However, it is revealed after Hiromi joins the infected that she was subconsciously glad that she was allowed to kill Oda, since she was jealous over her and Hideo having sex.
A young adult who gained superhuman strength, regeneration, and speed following his infection by his mother, whom he beat to death in an online video to display his powers and how to kill the infected.
He was assumed to have been killed in a three way fight with a fellow immune person known as the "Naked Emperor" and a member of his cult named Takeshi, who had gained powers similar to his own.
Jan, a Belgian, went back to Brussels to find his son, where he suddenly lost his memory inexplicably.
"Dileo, Adam,21 June 2016, "DEAD RISING: ENDGAME REVIEW" (http://uk.ign.com/articles/2016/06/21/dead-rising-endgame-review).
They spend a week and a half filming at the ranch, and finally they went to Butte, Montana.http://www.dreadcentral.com/news/120711/first-images-from-dead-7-feature-the-backstreet-boys-in-the-wild-west/ Locations in Butte to film includes The Dumas Brothel & The World Mining Museum.
After failed attempts to cure her, the priests decide they have no choice but to kill the woman.
When they visit the Western Wall, Sarah wishes for her recently dead brother Joel to return.
Sarah falls down and Rachel regains control over herself, warning Sarah to run before killing herself.
General Monger arrives but he falls victim to the zombie carrots.
The three of them end up getting locked in the basement.
The ghost is only interested in having someone give birth to her child and if someone refuses, they're murdered - explaining last year's deaths.
She is successful in killing Krampus who transforms into Gerhardt.
He manages to kill them all, but is then forced to fight against Krampus.
The police arrive and manage to gun him down just as he's about to kill "Krampus", revealed to be the mall's manager Mr. Taylor.
It is a slow burn of a film that explores the end-of-the-world questions".
The infected attack and kill most of the survivors, while Don, Alice, and the boy are chased upstairs.
After the infected begin to die of starvation, NATO forces take control of Great Britain.
In their new flat, Don fabricates a lie about the circumstances surrounding their mother's death.
They break into an abandoned Volvo V70 to escape nerve gas released to kill the infected, but are unable to start the car while soldiers with flamethrowers draw near.
Tammy shoots Don before he can kill Andy, who remains symptom-free but an unknown carrier of the Rage virus.
When asked to share that idea, Boyle laughed and said, "No, because they'll end up in ''The Walking Dead''."
Caldwell explains to the group that the pods contain spores that if released could end humankind, as the fungal pathogen will become airborne and infect all who breath.
Melanie manages to scare and dominate the hungries off by battling their leader to the death and allowing her to lead Helen and Parks to safety.
When Caldwell admits that she knows Melanie is truly alive, Melanie asks why her kind should die to save humanity.
Dr Caldwell, meanwhile, has attempted to follow Melanie but is surrounded by the feral children and killed.
It follows two young couples who become embroiled in the mystery of a desolate ghost town, Hellgate, where a young woman was kidnapped and murdered by a biker gang in 1959.
Many years later, the girl's father finds a magic crystal that can bring the life back to dead objects.
After humanity wins a war against zombies, tourists are able to kill zombies for sport at the Rezort.
The first group of zombies are restrained in place and easily killed.
Archer surprises the others by scoring many rapid head shots, explaining that he has come to the resort because killing zombies is the only thing he was ever good at.
When they can not sleep, Melanie and Sadie discuss the ethics of killing zombies for sport, and Sadie says she believes it leads to a decreased inhibition to harm the living.
Zombies are released from their fenced-in pens, killing the guests and staff in the resort.
Alfie is killed in the melee.
Jack says she has been used to inject a virus in the system and cause the destruction of the resort.
Instead of killing him, she hands him her pistol, and he reluctantly shoots himself.
Melanie accuses her of being worse than the zombies, some of whom break in and ignore Melanie in their zeal to kill Wilton.
Obasi
|
|-
|Best Sound
|Dayo Thompson
|
|-
|Best Cinematography
|Tunji Akinsehinwa
|
|-
|Best Makeup/Costume
|Funke Olowu
|
|-
|Best Producer
|Oge Obasi
|
|-
| rowspan="7" |Best of Nollywood Awards
|Best Actor in Leading Role (English)
|Gabriel Afolayan
|
|-
|Best Supporting Actor (English)
|Kelechi Udegbe
|
|-
|Best Supporting Actress (English)
|Omowunmi Dada
|
|-
|Movie with the Best Screenplay
|''Ojuju''
|
|-
|Movie with the Best Editing
|''Ojuju''
|
|-
|Best use of Make-up in a Movie
|''Ojuju''
|
|-
|Best use of Indigenous Nigerian Language in a movie
|''Ojuju''
|
|-
|''2016''
|2016 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards|Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards
|Best Make-up Artist
|Funke Olowu
|
|}
While exploring the ''evil dead'' theme, the film's hero, ''Romero'', is named after ''Night of the Living Dead'' director George A. Romero.
When they stop for the night at an isolated motel, the real terror begins when the STD virus starts running rampant, turning those infected into the living dead.
After he accidentally kills one of his neighbours when they try to have him evicted from his property, the dead begin to rise, forcing Trevor to have to rescue his wife.Barton, Steve, "Bill Moseley, Kane Hodder, and Michael Berryman Crawl From the Shed of the Dead" (http://www.dreadcentral.com/news/167485/bill-moseley-kane-hodder-michael-berryman-crawl-shed-dead/).
The film was first announced in March 2015, with the director and cast being announced and the first poster being released.Pollard, Andrew, 6 March 2015, "Kane Hodder, Bill Moseley, Michael Berryman & More Join SHED OF THE DEAD" (http://www.starburstmagazine.com/movie-news/11348-kane-hodder-bill-moseley-michael-berryman-a-more-join-shed-of-the-dead) Starburst Magazine.
Filming began in May 2016 in the UK.Barton, Steve, May 20, 2016, "Bill Moseley, Kane Hodder, and Michael Berryman Crawl From the Shed of the Dead" (http://www.dreadcentral.com/news/167485/bill-moseley-kane-hodder-michael-berryman-crawl-shed-dead/).
* 
* 
* 
'''''Redcon-1''''' Working titles for the film included ''Zombie Apocalypse''http://www.lancasterguardian.co.uk/news/feature-lancaster-film-maker-takes-on-zombie-film-and-you-can-be-part-of-the-action-1-6466328 and ''Zombie City''.http://zombiecity.us13.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=9b25c2527c05ab759deec96e4&id=76ad30c254
''Redcon-1'' concerns the joint effort of eight military personnel, trying to save a scientist from the clutches of death during a mass zombie outbreak.
She is led to the abandoned tin mine by an army of walking zombies for a voodoo ceremony that will transform her into one of the walking dead.
The film was adapted into a 13-page comic strip for the October 1977 issue of the magazine ''House of Hammer'' (volume 1, # 13, published by Top Sellers Limited).
They violently attack and apparently kill everyone in the room.
There they find a bloody Dr. Gordon and his assistants Johnny and Robin dead.
They violently confront the team, killing Boris and Ty.
However, they are attacked again by infected giraffes, who kill the two Amber's colleagues.
The security team arrives with Gage and shoot the giraffes to death, saving Amber.
A police team arrives the zoo, but is all-killed by infected lions when trying to approach them in the zoo's warehouse.
Thea is subsequently attacked by an infected koala who climbed the watchtower where Ellen and her stood, but manages to kill it.
Lizzy and Gage manage to shoot and kill one of the incoming predators.
While the infected birds began trying to escape the highly protected aviary by breaking the glass, AJ, Lizzy and Gage try to use an unfinished zip line to get to the watchtower, but the rope breaks in the process, causing AJ to fall to his death.
Ellen manages to shoot down the gorilla after he relentlessly tries to attack them.
However, the head nun at the school, Sister Gloria (Jennifer Rhodes), tries to put an end to it.
It quickly possesses Shirley and, one by one, the teenagers are possessed and/or murdered by demonic Angela.
Once arriving at the house, the five become separated and Father Bob is quickly killed by the demonic Rick.
Unfortunately, Perry is killed by Z-Boy.
With the holy water the group brought, Bibi, Johnny and Sister Gloria kill the remaining demons, except for Angela.
With Angela and her minions dead, Sister Gloria, Melissa, Bibi and Johnny leave the house and return to the school where they are greeted by everyone there.
Several years have passed after the massacre for the St. Rita's Academy and on Halloween night, Officer Larry (Larry Day) is on night watch at Hull House, where he is confronted and murdered by Angela (Amelia Kinkade) with his own police badge.
Tempers escalate, and Vince steals the gun just as two police officers enter the store.
The teenagers and a wounded Reggie pile into the van, Vince brings the shotgun, and Orson steals the police officer's gun, and they drive away.
Angela begins to seduce Orson, simulating fellatio by sucking the bullets out of the gun through the barrel.
Then she kisses Orson and her long, demon tongue shoots through the back of his head, killing him.
Meanwhile, upstairs, Nick sneaks up on Vince and Lois who are making out, but fails to take the shotgun, and Vince fires the gun at Nick but misses.
Dewhurst tells Vince that the officer he shot did not die, but Angela convinces Vince that Dewhurst is lying.
Vince opens fire, but is shot through the eye and killed, and Angela returns to her demon form.
On their way, they arm themselves with a gun and a metal bar.
The demons can't take over a dead body, which is why Evangeline hung herself.
Maddie climbs down a rope into the basement to help him, but he is now a demon.
She makes her way to the balcony, where she ties a rope around her neck and jumps over, seemingly hanging herself.
Maddie reveals that she only pretended to hang herself, having tied the rope around her waist...and the demons merely assumed that she was dead.
Johnny Collins as the Devil
Pauly D appears in a cameo near the end.
She was taken away by Jack because Patrick became an alcoholic and when Emma was attacked and killed, Patrick didn't save her.
Instead its ears start moving and it is attracted to gun shots coming from Jack's home.
He is bitten on the neck but his dog saves him when Jack hesitates to shoot.
She shoots it with Patrick's gun and tells them the howling is how they call each other.
The plot depicts the breakdown of society following the accidental release of a highly contagious virus and focuses upon the struggle of four survivors to cope with the destruction of the life they once knew.
She warns that should Jim become infected, she will kill him "in a heartbeat".
He is killed by the arriving soldiers, who take the remaining survivors to a fortified mansion under the command of Major Henry West (Christopher Eccleston).
West reveals to Jim that his "answer to infection" entails waiting for the infected to starve to death and luring female survivors into sexual slavery, to repopulate the world.
The next day, the soldiers prepare the girls for gang rape, while two soldiers lead Jim and Farrell to execution.
When his executioners argue after killing Farrell, Jim escapes and spots a NATO aircraft flying overhead, proving Farrell's theory correct.
It was rejected for seeming too bleak; the final exit from the hospital was intended to imply Selena and Hannah's survival, whereas test audiences felt the women were marching off to certain death.
As he gets hit by a car in his flashback, he simultaneously dies on the operating table.
This ending, for which only a rough edit was completed, is an alternative version of the potential rescue sequence shown at the very end of the released film.
Unfortunately, he refuses to talk further because he does not want to create an emotional attachment to people who will soon be dead.
The computer monitors show death and destruction come to life around a thrashing, infected Jim, who is strapped to the same table as the chimp had been, in the opening scene.
The plan backfires when Lu is killed by his own trap.
Kwan Wei Long, a serial killer, enters the town looking to duel with Pang and is seemingly killed by him.
Helen seduces Ernest and convinces him to kill Madeline.
When Madeline returns home, she and Ernest argue, during which Madeline falls down the stairs, breaking her neck.
Believing Madeline dead, Ernest phones Helen for advice, not seeing Madeline stand and approach him with her head twisted backward.
Ernest assumes she has a dislocated neck and drives her to the emergency room.
Madeline is told she is technically dead and faints.
She is taken to the morgue due to her body having no pulse and a temperature below 80C.
Overhearing Helen and Ernest discussing their plot to stage Madeline's death, Madeline shoots Helen with a shotgun.
Uh, no, I'm sorry, Bob, she went off the mark by five centimeters, and now her head won't match her neck!"
Computer generated imagery (CGI) by Industrial Light and Magic was used to create the skin effects, such as Madeline's twisted neck and stretching skin, and the shotgun hole through Helen's abdomen.
But the undead don't stay dead, and when they make their way ashore the holiday paradise of Ibiza soon begins to resemble a war zone.
'''''Train to Busan''''' ( The film takes place in a train to Busan, as a zombie apocalypse suddenly breaks in the country and compromises the safety of the passengers.
The woman soon becomes a zombie and attacks a train attendant, who then also turns into a zombie (the bites of the infected are swiftly lethal, and the dead instantly turn even if not bitten).
Baseball player Yong-guk, a girl named Jin-hee who has a crush on him, and several passengers manage to escape to another car.
When Jong-gil deliberately opens the door to the zombies to be with her zombified sister In-gil, the zombies kill the rest of the passengers, leaving Seok-woo, Soo-an, Yong-guk, Jin-hee, and Seong-kyeong safe, as they are in the vestibule.
Entering the train where Yong-guk and Jin-hee are, he slams Jin-hee out of the way in a panic to reach the other door, killing her.
The train conductor starts a locomotive on another track, but is also killed by zombies while trying to save Yon-suk.
They are attacked by most of the prisoners and staff, who kill Nancy; while on the 4th floor, they encounter the doctor, who gives Dave an icepick lobotomy, incapacitating him; he attempts to get Jack too, but ends up being infected by Loomis.
At the end of the film, as the two siblings are in a police car heading to the asylum to investigate, the officers (Mark Kelly & Sharon Schaffer) accidentally let the patients escape into the outside world.
'''''House of the Dead''''' is a 2003 German-Canadian-American zombie film, and the adaptation of the 1996 light gun arcade game of the same name produced by Sega.
Karma has a crush on Simon, Simon has a crush on Alicia, and Cynthia is Greg's girlfriend.
Alone in the tent, Cynthia is killed by a group of zombies.
Meanwhile, Alicia, Karma and Simon find an old house and as they attempt to investigate the place, they discover Rudy (Jonathan Cherry), Liberty (Kira Clavell) and Hugh (Michael Eklund), who tell them that zombies attacked the rave, killing everyone.
Meanwhile, the zombies kill Salish when he is alone in the forest.
A zombified Cynthia comes out from behind a tree and kills Hugh but is killed when Casper arrives and shoots her.
Casper and Greg leave the group to go find help, but Greg is killed in the forest.
Liberty and Casper are killed in the ensuing fight and Alicia, Rudy, Kirk, Karma and Simon manage to take shelter inside the house.
Kirk sacrifices himself by killing Salish with a stick of dynamite, but the explosion also blows up the entrance to the house.
Simon manages to sacrifice himself to kill the zombies by shooting a barrel of gunpowder, blowing up the house and the zombies.
They make their way through the tunnels, but Karma is killed by zombies as she attempts to hold them off as Rudy and Alicia flee.
While he thinks that it has all ended, the still-alive headless body of Castillo begins to strangle Rudy.
A woman arrives from England to visit her estranged relatives in a small castle for the reading of her dead father's will.
Alternative titles include: ''A comme apocalypse''; ''Among the Living Dead''; ''Christina chez les morts vivants''; ''Christina, princesse de l'erotisme''; ''Christina, Sex Princess'';  ''La nuit des etoiles filantes''; ''Los suenos eroticos de Christine''; and ''Zombie 4''
Richard Whittaker of ''The Austin Chronicle'' called it "one of the most infamously mutilated underground favorites", and said the original Franco version is the best cut of the film.
Tiring of his captivity, Sir Edward plots to escape by faking his death.
Before Trench has time to act, Julian finds his "dead" brother and puts him in a coffin (the title's "oblong box").
Trench and N'Galo murder landlord Tom Hacket (Maxwell Shaw) and offer his corpse to Julian.
Sir Edward then conceals his face behind a crimson hood and embarks on a vengeful killing spree.
Here he ends up with prostitute Heidi (Uta Levka), who tries to roll him for his money, only to be killed by Sir Edward's knife.
Julian confronts Trench, who tells him the truth about Sir Edward's "death".
Here Sir Edward learns the truth about his time in Africa: in a case of mistaken identity he was punished for his brother's crime of killing an African child.
Back at the Markham ancestral home, Julian learns the whereabouts of his brother from Sally and leaves for Dr. Newhartt's home, only to find him near death.
Meanwhile, Sir Edward arrives back home to find Sally, who is repulsed by her former lover's killing.
Another man who got called in was Christopher Wicking: he was called in after the sudden death of writer Lawrence Huntington as shooting began.
Their positions are overrun, causing Carlos and his team to retreat with a bitten Yuri (Stefen Hayes), who turns into a zombie and infects Carlos before being killed.
The priest and the panicked man are killed, but Jill, Payton, and Terri are saved at the last minute by the heavily-armed Alice.
However, Nemesis appears and shoots Payton dead.
After encounters with List of Resident Evil creatures#Cerberus or Zombie Dog|zombie dogs and infected children who kill Nicholai and Terri, Alice saves the group again, and they find Angela.
Alice refuses, but when Cain shoots Dr. Ashford dead in cold-blood and threatens the others, she relents and fights Nemesis, impaling him on a pole.
Her stand and refusing to kill him rekindles a trace of Matt's former humanity; he and Alice join forces and attack the Umbrella forces.
Nemesis is killed, protecting Alice from an exploding helicopter.
She also swears vengeance upon against the death of their friends after the incident and that she will take down Umbrella once and for all.
* Oded Fehr as Carlos Olivera, an Umbrella soldier turned into rogue agent after they were left to die from their evacuation to Raccoon City.
Peyton Wells, Jill's former ally and S.T.A.R.S team member who is later killed by an Umbrella bio-weapon.
The film borrowed numerous elements from the game series, including re-enactments of certain scenes, such as Alice running through a building with an Umbrella helicopter firing at her, up to the point where she drops her gun, falls, re-grabs it and fires, which is reminiscent of the introductory cutscene of ''Resident Evil Code: Veronica''.
The recording of Terri's death is similar to Kenneth's death.
Another similarity includes a scene where Jill finds a gun under a pew, mirroring the game when the player finds ammunition or weapons in certain areas.
The film references ''Resident Evil 2'' when Alice visits the gun shop which is similar to Kendo's Gun Shop.
It is a dead zone, a film without interest, wit, imagination or even entertaining violence and special effects.
", Ben Kenigsberg, Village Voice Carrie Rickey of ''The Philadelphia Inquirer'' said that "those who want something more substantial from a movie than a vid-game script with centerfold appeal will not find it in this noisy, bone-crushing survivalist flick."
However, she is eventually killed by a bounding mine.
It turns out that they are bandits who first attempt to rape her and then have her killed by infected dogs, only for her to unleash them unto her captors.
On her travels, she finds a dead man's diary which states that there is an uninfected area in Alaska.
The crows almost overwhelm the convoy, killing Nurse Betty and Otto and taking out the flamethrower operator, causing the weapon to careen out of control.
Alice finally appears and saves Carlos and the others from a fiery death, using her telekinesis to fill the sky with fire, killing the crows and leaving her unconscious.
Wesker, in private, informs Slater to keep watch on Isaacs' actions, and tells Slater that if Issacs disobeys orders, Slater should kill Isaacs.
Most of the convoy, including Mikey and Chase, are killed in the ambush.
The clone awakens, but seems to die from shock upon seeing Alice.
He is a survivor of the Nemesis program as well as the destruction of Raccoon City.
Wade: Former citizen of Raccoon City, who survived the Nemesis program and Raccoon City's destruction in the previous film.
He is killed by the super zombies.
* Joe Hursley as Otto: a survivor who drives the school bus, is later pecked to death by the infected crows.
Wayne, noting that "Black people die in these movies and [Anderson] was like, 'Well Mike, I kinda like you.'
So then I asked him, 'Are you setting me up to die because if there's a fourth movie, I'm as good as dead.'"
Survivors will be forced to shoot suddenly undead friends in the head.
And legions of undead will be re-killed in surprisingly easy fashion."
Jack Mathews of the ''New York Daily News'' gave the film a score of one and a half stars out of five, calling the action scenes "monotonous" and urging audiences to "flee this yawn of the dead.
Five hours prior, the Red Queen had shut down the entire facility and released a gas which killed everyone inside, flooded the labs, and destroyed the elevators, also causing Spence and Alice's amnesia.
bites Rain before getting killed.
He retrieves the anti-virus, but is ambushed and killed by a Licker.
The Red Queen offers to spare Alice and Matt if they kill Rain, whose health is fading and who has been infected too long for the anti-virus to work reliably.
However, the Licker is hiding on the train and attacks them, clawing Matt and killing Kaplan.
He shoots Rain dead, causing her head to hit a trapdoor button, opening it and dropping the Licker under the train which ultimately kills it for good.
On the newspaper at the end of the film, the words ''"Horror in Raccoon City!
When returning to the Red Queen's chamber, Kaplan points out that the four bodies of the group's dead crew from the Glass Hallway Trap sequence are gone.
Leon's team plants explosives near the entrance of the facility, which will detonate in two hours to ensure the facility's destruction.
Alice rescues her, using Leon's bombs, kills the Licker and allows the heroes to escape''';''' the good Rain clone and Barry are killed during the battle.
Realizing that they can't kill Rain, Alice shoots the ice under Rain's feet and she is dragged down by the swimming zombies from the undersea installation and killed.
Since the T-virus outbreak incident at Raccoon City which has spread across the globe, she has bonded with the virus on a cellular level, which granted her superhuman abilities, also swears vengeance against the death of his friends, and planning to end Umbrella's treachery for the survival of human race on Earth.
After his death, Umbrella used his DNA to cloned him and put him in Jill's team that hunts Alice down in the Umbrella test facility.
A fight scene between Jill and Alice that involved over 200 moves began filming December 14 until the end of production.
The official soundtrack will be released on September 11, 2012 under Milan Records, which will include tomandandy's score for the film, as well as the film's end credits song "Hexes" produced by Bassnectar featuring Chino Moreno (of the Deftones) on vocals.
Originally, a promotional stunt was planned that involved Jovovich pretending to come out with a gun and shoot "zombies" in the theater.
It certainly feels more like a video game and has a bit more emotion to it than some of the past ''Resident Evil'' sequels, but if you don't like this series then there's not much here to make you suddenly warm up to it."
Alice (Milla Jovovich) and her clones attack Umbrella HQ, Tokyo, slaying the entire branch except for Albert Wesker (Shawn Roberts), who escapes in a tiltrotor plane and detonates a bomb that leaves a massive sinkhole; however, the real Alice boarded beforehand.
They are attacked by a group of infected that dug into the prison, and take Wendell; she manages to kill them.
However, a giant axe-wielding monster begins breaking down the gate.
Alice, Chris and Crystal go to the basement armory to get more guns; however, zombies kill Crystal en route.
In addition to the original soundtrack, "The Outsider" (Apocalypse Remix) by alternative rock group A Perfect Circle was used for the marketing the film, along with a short segment of it being played during the confrontation between Alice and Wesker, as well as playing over the end credits.
When he refused, Isaacs ordered Albert Wesker to kill Marcus.
While searching for survivors, the Red Queen appears and tells Alice she must return to the Hive in Raccoon City within 48 hours, where the Umbrella Corporation has developed an airborne antivirus, which will kill every organism infected by the T-virus, before the remainder of humankind is wiped out.
Alice destroys a giant creature to escape Washington, D.C.
On her way to Raccoon City, Alice is captured by Isaacs, whose clone Alice Resident Evil: Extinction|previously killed, but she escapes his convoy.
They defeat the enemy forces, although Cobalt is killed.
However, Wesker, having taken control of the Hive, releases mutated guard dogs, killing Christian.
Entering the Hive, the group encounter several traps, and Abigail and Razor are killed.
Isaacs plans to eliminate Alicia and gain full control of Umbrella, but Alicia "fires" Wesker, which signals the Red Queen to crush his legs with a security door.
Doc tries to shoot Alice, but his gun is empty - as Alice had deduced his treachery earlier - and he is shot dead by Claire.
Encouraged by Alicia's words, Alice and Claire fight Isaacs, who is eventually killed by his own clone - the one Alice had encountered en route to the city - and Alice releases the antivirus, killing the undead.
The bombs planted within the Hive explode, killing everyone inside, including Alicia, all the frozen Umbrella employees, and Wesker.
Claire later wakes Alice, who survived as the antivirus killed the T-virus within Alice's body.
She had been riding at high speed without a helmet, leading to the accident ripping off half her face, and crushing her facial bones.
A second accident occurred during filming on December 3 when crew member Ricardo Cornelius was crushed to death by one of the film's props, a U.S. Army issue Hummer, while on set.
Alex Welch of IGN was critical of the film, giving 3/10 and calling it "a pointless mess from beginning to end", and "nothing more than a barrage of cliched character beats, unbearable CGI action, and headache-inducing editing".
As they go outside they are saved by Nathan, however a group of zombies close in on them, but Jessica manages to kill them with the aid of a tractor.
Memphis cop Lieutenant McKenzie is called in to investigate a series of strange deaths and weird sightings following the resurrection of a murder victim, a local boy, Johnny 'Flick' Taylor (Hugh O'Conor) from the 1950s who is brought back to life in modern times and tries to find his teenage sweetheart named Sally who is now aged 62 and also to seek revenge for his death.
He also exposes Wickham's true nature: he and Wickham were childhood friends but Wickham may have murdered Darcy's father, squandered the inheritance he did receive and tried to elicit additional money from Darcy's estate, then tried to elope with Darcy's little sister for her fortune.
Elizabeth saves Darcy from being killed by Wickham.
After a group of outlaws kill his lover, Aman (Wesley Snipes) goes after them and kills them.
When he is killed himself, his mother, a nun, breaks her covenant with God to save his life, which in turn curses him for life.
Forever suffering this curse and still seeking revenge, before Aman enlists Fabulos (Riley Smith), a young gunman, to fight by his side against his undead victims.
It starred Marki Bey as the title character who uses voodoo to get revenge on the people responsible for her boyfriend's death.
The zombies in this film more closely resemble the creatures of Haitian Vodou#Myths and misconceptions|voodoo legend - i.e., the walking dead who do the bidding of a human master - than the flesh-eating "living dead" ghouls popularized by George A. Romero.
Hill's boyfriend, nightclub owner Langston (Larry D. Johnson), had been killed by Morgan's men when he refused to sell the club.
With a former practitioner named Mama Maitresse (Zara Cully), she intends on destroying the men who killed her boyfriend and now want her club.
Helping her out is the voodoo lord of the dead, Baron Samedi (Don Pedro Colley).
Turning to re-enter the aircraft, Fassbach slips, falls and accidentally discharges his gun, killing himself.
As Gerry and his team bike back to their aircraft, zombies attack, kill several soldiers and infect Captain Speke, who commits suicide to prevent himself from turning.
In Jerusalem, Gerry meets Mossad chief Jurgen Warmbrunn, who explains that months earlier, the Mossad had intercepted a Indian military message claiming that Indian troops were fighting the ''rakshasa'', or "dead spirits".
"This isn't the end," Gerry comments, "Not even close.
''Variety'' called it a bona-fide box office hit.
It's an anemic actioner that fosters excitement like dead limbs as it lumbers toward a conclusion."
In January 2012, director Forster and Paramount said that "They each view ''World War Z'' as a trilogy that would have the grounded, gun-metal realism of Matt Damon's Bourne (film series)|''Jason Bourne'' series tethered to the unsettling end-times vibe of AMC's ''The Walking Dead''
In June 2013, after the successful opening of ''World War Z'', Paramount announced that it was moving ahead with a sequel.
Upon discovering his gun to be ineffective, Langley is given an old revolver by Grace, and finds that he is able to kill Devlin's henchmen with gold bullets.
Critic Leonard Maltin gave the film a positive review, writing: "[''Ghost Town'' is an] imaginative fantasy thriller that has modern-day sheriff Luz chosen to rid a century-old town of its curse by avenging its dead sheriff in ''High Noon'' fashion.
In a retrospective assessment, film journalist Glenn Kay wrote: "[Franc] Luz does manage to keep a straight face, but the end result is unremarkable."
Karthik is also looking for his sister and meanwhile killing the zombies.
Upon Larry's return, he discovers Ayesha lying on the floor with her gun in hand and a bullet wound in her head, implying she has killed herself.
An undead Ayesha suddenly attacks Larry.
When he breaks her neck, she chases after him on all fours.
That night at his home, he is haunted by a man and young girl, both of whom appear dead.
The next day, the red-haired woman, Clarissa, appears at his door, asking him if he is starting to see dead people.
She reveals that she was born deaf and had an implant installed in her ear, which allowed her to hear but also gave her the ability to hear dead people.
Later that night, the ghosts of the dead man and young girl appear and an unseen force drowns Clarissa in the outdoor pool.
Herman then opens the door to escape but unwittingly runs directly into the ghosts who throttle him and stuff the eye, still attached to the razor, down his throat, presumably killing him.
Mike then sees several zombies approaching them, before he is suddenly attacked and bitten on the throat by the woman, whom he kills.
The trio invades a young girl's birthday party, killing several people, some of whom reanimate to attack others.
While the cult leader is being interviewed, a bell chimes, and he suddenly announces the "time of reckoning" over the intercom.
The cultists begin a mass suicide via poison and gunshots, while Joni has his throat cut by the cult leader after repeatedly interrupting the announcement.
Lena is abducted by several women in surgical apparel, and Malik is shot dead by one of the cult members.
As the aliens close in on Gary, he is suddenly pulled into the air by the alien ship's tractor beam, dropping the dog in the process.
Tank is fatally injured by the fall and lies whimpering on the ground as both he and the camera slowly die.
On July 10, 2013, Rex Reed was the subject of controversy due to a scathing review of the film in which he admitted having walked out at the end of the first segment.
Ben, who's had a crush on Kendall, gets some advice from her and they all see that the dead deer has vanished.
When they go to get alcohol for the party, they meet Denise, a cocktail waitress that works at a strip club.
She and Ben hit it off and she agrees to buy the alcohol for them.
The two drive into town to find that the bouncer for the strip club is no longer there and they sneak in.
The zombies find the party, and proceed to attack the partygoers, until the trio turns up, armed with weapons and they proceed to kill the zombies.
He manages to light the fuse when the zombies burst in and the three escape through a garbage chute just as it explodes, killing all the zombies.
In an interview, stars Miller, Morgan, and Dumont stated if the film is a box office hit, there could be potential sequels.
